Chapter 2: Working for the Weekend

The “Holy City” of Tham is constructed in a far reaching, expanding circle. For its original purpose, the city was meant to be an easily traveled hub for all the surrounding settlements in all directions to congregate for their religion. Without the religion, its location and construction became the ideal trading hub in these parts of the realm. The city was built smart. The circle is designed with a central core, an outer core, and full circle layers surrounding the core. At the central core, the citadel that housed the heads of the church watches over the entirety of the city. Now it serves has the government headseat, The Trinity, and main barracks for the local legionnaires.

The outer core is the actual, origin city separated into a variety of district “slices” for whatever purpose was needed.  This outer core has found itself reinventing its purpose for the higher class citizens, business, recreation, and whatnot when the religion collapsed. Before that, I have nary a clue, nor do I really care. After that, the layers of fortified walls encircle the city act as both defensive lines and traveler check points. 

The city expands by these layers. The population has been flourishing at an alarmingly rapid rate to justify swift and desperate expansion. Currently there's four complete layers with a fifth section almost complete and a sixth underway. The roles of the first and second layers shifted to become housing projects as layer three and four carry on the initial purpose. I assume once five is complete, the layers' purposes would shift again.

The first layer is where I seek coin for most of the time. It at least has some semblance of decent living compared to the second. Mostly the middle class have congregated to the first layer. The forsaken slums of the second layer just began development, but much more attention is going to the former layer. The legionnaires have little foothold here, but seem content that trouble is contained with the layer. Neglect has let the impoverished and vile have their run of the slums. The gods damned second layer is unfortunately where I reside when the sun sets.

Today however, I decided to strike out at the third layer, the current outer guard barracks and where processed travelers are allowed into Tham. Don't ask how I got into Tham, it definitely was not the legal way. I've kept out of trouble so the legion doesn't seem to care.

At the third layer, legionnaires stood guard at all the pathways from layer to layer as well as the various stands where officials were finalizing the processing of those coming and going. The fourth layer is where all the processing magic happens. For those going, the process was much quicker than coming thanks to citizenship papers. It was just checking whatever you were taking with you. I lack those papers so I never dare to try and pass into the fourth layer. 

For those coming, it can be just as easy if you have the proper papers. If not, you were shifted to the sector run by something called the Depot of Monitoring Visitors. From what I hear, dealing with the procedures there could take ages, enough to make a lad grow old. If I was to wager a guess, the areas that seemed the loudest beyond the layer walls must be the Depots. The thunderous roars of infuriated expletives emanating from beyond confirmed my suspicions.

Anyway, weary travelers must be in certain need of affordable services. Especially those trapped in those queues. And one would wager that they'd love to take care of the tedious errands as easily as possible. I had scrambled to the third layer with a few supplies in tow to expand the services I offered. I set up shop around one of the more direct ways from queue to entryway to the second layer. With smile on my face and shine on my scales, I was ready to make some coin! 

Well... that was the idea... but apparently it was not a unique one. Beggars, hustlers, and the honest folk had all flocked to do anything they could to shake down some coin. Using their gifts of silvered tongues, these dommies were snagging any traveler willing to listen and consider their sales pitches. I watched as coin danced from hand to hand in energetic celebration. 

Yet here I stand, alone and nary coin nor traveler passing my way. With this feverish competition, I had to make my services noticeable. Noticeable and cheap for anyone to overlook my being a 'bold.

Embarrassingly cheap...

<-O->

“Ya better be makin' sure ya get every bit off.” A stout dwarf shuffled around me back and forth, grumbling away regrets of associating with me. “Ah must be out of mah bleedin' mind to hire a cave gecko...” Yeah, and I must be out of my mind to offer services to a bearded rock. Well, almost... 

“Fluffy beard no worry. Kobold can shiny make metal hide good!” I feigned my best, “cute 'bold” voice. It's a ploy I run from time to time with folks who don't know that I do have some sort of learning. It keeps me out of trouble with the dommies if they start asking the wrong questions. Though, I figured I could try to use the trick to get employment. Y'know, let people think they are getting a great deal through “under paying” me who supposedly shouldn't know better. Which, to be fair, they are.

So, this dwarf was my first test subject. I figured if I could convince my rival species to let go of hate long enough to pay me, then I can convince anyone. I just had to pull off the cute 'bold act and play into dwarven frugality, and ol' Scrapper got herself an armor cleaning job.

“Shiny, shiny, shiny~” I sang along as scrubbed this... unidentifiable grime off this dwarf's chestplate. I don't know what it is. It has the hardened consistency of rust on the outermost surface but this weird, brownish sludge underneath it. Upon further inspection, solid, greenish chunks of some queer material were also mixed in within the muck. Its scent was this infuriating mix of sweet berries that quickly contort into rancid ogre meat once it lingers on the nostrils for a quick spell. What in the gods' names has this dwarf been doing in this armor? I... I'm not gonna get a disease from touching this am I? 

Thankfully, this strange, possibly eldritch discharge comes off cleanly with enough effort. It just eventually eats through the rags I had intended to use to take care of other travelers. Wipe after wipe, rag after rag, the steel armor's true colors eventually shone through. I heard the dwarf finally utter some positive words. I continued to scrub through every curve and indentation. Even around the tiniest spaces of the modest decoration, I worked my claws to pick them clean. I took thorough attention at every ilm of metal to ensure it was free of all residue.

“Aye... least ya 'boldies know how ta make steel gleam!” The dwarf tugged at his beard and gave a hearty laugh. Through the corner of my eye, I could see him grinning under that face mane. Least I think it was smiling, the beard did lift a little.

“Yup-yup! Kobolds know the good shiny! The good shiny important!” I took one final glance over the piece before passing it back to the dwarven traveler. “Metal all good shiny!”

The dwarf made his own thorough inspection of the chestplate. Hemming and hawing, he peered at every minute detail of his armor. I could tell he was determined to find any spot still soiled. Over and over he continued to probe the chestplate until he had to admit a job well done. “Well, shave mah beard and call me a humie! Ah'd hate ta admit it, but ya did a fine job! Looks like not all yer kind are worthless, thieving tunnel skinks.” Yeah, and your females have much more majestic beards than you.

I mustered up the widest dragon pup eyes complimented with exuberant tail wagging. I'd hate to pat this dwarf's belly, but if I want coin, I gotta let him think he's top wolf. Crank up the dullard cute levels and try not to vom' while doing so. “Fluffy beard give the nice words! Ready now for fighties and drinkies!” Huh-hurk... almost...

“Aye... a drink sounds SUH-blime! But first...” Thankfully he didn't seem to notice the gag reflex kick in. The dwarf shoved his meaty hand into the leather satchel that dangled at his side. The familiar jingle of coin perked me right up. Now my tail has a genuine dance to it for the gorgeous sound. “Now, Ah'm being gen'rous, but mebbe this'n will encourage ya ta be better'n yer kin. Hands out now.”

I held out my claws to him like child receiving a treat. When his fistful of coin hovered over mine, I closed my eyes to add some meekness flavor to my act. Well, that and to savor this glorious moment. One by one, I felt a total of five coins waterfall into my hands. Five coins? Hells, even if they were only coppers, this pay was much better than rat catching! From a dwarf no less! The act worked! I have found my killer tactic! With some slight modifications, investments in better gear, I will be on the way to success. The dream of untold riches were no longer just flights of fancy. Nay, seas of teasure are just beyond the horizon. Oh... how I quake.

I closed my hands and bowed profusely to the dwarf. “Thankies fluffy beard! Shinies keep kobold the good workies!” Eh, I hate to admit that there was some sincerity in my gratitude, but with such a generous payment, I had to be.

With rumbling laughter, the dwarf gave me a rather strong swat to the back. The force sent me and my stubby snout to make face with the cobblestone. Gods and heroes, be gentle! I ain't a boulder of a dwarf! If I hadn't been clinging to coin, I could've saved myself. Sadly, the money is more important. He laughed up an apology as I scrambled to my feet. Hells, the bastard kept laughing all the way as he made his exit. Sod it, I have coin to marvel.

I opened my hands to be greeted by the five copper coins. Oh, how beautiful they were. Even if they don't glimmer like silver or gold, every little bit adds up! My claws traced the intricate designs engraved on each coin face, memorizing every, fine detail. I softly caressed the hexagonal edges, cradling the frame like a lover. I would ta.... wait... hexagonal?

Snapping out of my greed filled bliss, I eyed the coins again with a clearer mind. These coins were hexagonal in shape. Coin is supposed to be circular. They also were supposed to be engraved with the faces of The Trinity, not these... unrecognizable runes...

...

Oh sod me with a staff of repulsion... these had to be that hairy stout's native currency... That rock shagger actually paid me in dwarven coin instead of regional trade coin! Did I just get one-upped here!? I had him wrapped around my claw! The cute bold act! The excellent care of his equipment!! THE FANTASTIC DEAL!!! I had it all set up perfectly!! How in the hells did he catch on to the act? Was he just stupid and thinks his coin works here? Or is this just how dwarves mess with kobolds trying to make an honest living!? I'm betting the latter. He HAD to know what he was doing. He just had to. I will hunt him down. I will shave that repulsive beard off his gourd of a head and force feed it to him.

A vile snarl slowly growled from my gullet. “Rutting dwarves...”

Current Funds:
-3 Copper for “food”
-1 Copper for bucket (still in good condition)
-2 Copper for six cleaning rags (ruined)
+5 Dwarven Copper for armor cleaning (worthless)

Total: 
6 Trinity Copper
5 Dwarven Copper (drown in a sewer)
