Chapter Three: Cruel Summer

Despite the ongoing construction, the first layer was actually a rather pleasant area to stroll through. Everything was and is still being replaced from when it was outer guard fortifications, the layer tends to become a windy mess to navigate yet not enough to infuriate. The cobblestone that made the walkways and portions of the newer buildings were fresh and lacked any moss growth that the layer walls had collected through the ages. Well, I'm sure that will change as time will weather on, but it was nice to see such pure stone. Even the wood used for bridges and buildings still retained that just cut smell. The wood that was treated to add the spice of variety still had their musky scent of lacquer and oils. 

The buildings themselves were modest for the middle class that resided here. Though compared to me and my current abode, they were the expansive summer homes of nobles. It would be nice to upgrade here, but legality definitely has me bound. Lack of coin as well, but that was obvious at this point.

Speaking of coin, businesses here were a tad bit more open to serving a 'bold compared to my failures to explore and stake a claim at the outer core. I doubt they did it out of the kindness of their own hearts, but rather their own need for coin. That and I'm sure their businesses mostly run on travelers so they couldn't afford to discriminate. Coin is coin.

Though, after the conning via dwarf, I strangely wasn't in the mood to try to make any money. It's reckless, as I barely have enough money to last three suns, but my heart just isn't in it anymore today. So I found myself wandering the first layer in a futile attempt to clear my head.

Although drinking in of the blooming residences and the variety of people walking to and fro was rather calming. It was kind of nice to people watch until you realize that even a resting kobold gets no love. I got the dirty and suspicious looks of people as they passed me by. Hey, I'm not thinking of fleecing your pockets! Even if I didn't pride myself on being a better 'bold, I wouldn't dare try. With all these eyes on me, I'd be thrown in the darkest of dungeons before you could say “dragon shagger.”

Speaking of eyes however, there was one set that wasn't on me, but mine on them. A peculiar sight that captured attention as people passed me and neared this individual. Balancing on the railing of a bridge crossing an aqueduct was a golden caramel skinned dommie adorned in the queerest tanned hides. I don't know what was stranger, the complexion, the tribal clothing, or the weird... meditation... dance... balancing act... prayer I think?

From here, I could tell it was an extremely young man, still a babe almost. Can't tell if he was a humie or a half-knife though. Lean, trained muscle framed his figure from the peeks I could get from his light cloth. Humies his age did not normally have such forms yet. However, no matter what you mix in, I've never seen a halfie with that tanned skin. Not without ridiculous burning or going into full leather skin territory. Just what are you?

Curiosity was starting to tingle on my scales. Not quite the coin tingles greed gives me, but still driving enough that I need to scratch. Strength coiled in my legs and propelled me forward to inspect. Weaving around and sometimes under tallbies, I scampered closer to this strange performer for a better look. Something about him drove me to want to know more. I was getting used to the variety of travelers that were coming to Tham. How many beardies, humies, elvies, halfies, and orkies can you see before you get bored? A weird tribal boy clearly out of anything resembling his element? Now that is a sight to behold!

However, as I approached, I noticed I wasn't the only ones taking a keen interest in the foreigner...

Three men clad in battle leathers were making direct flight. Two of them I don't give a rat's ass about, but I knew their leader. That stupid cross shaped scar adorning his craggly mug was a dead giveaway. Rumors had it that it was self-inflicted to make himself more intimidating. That man was Duran, alpha lapdog to the Relius Gang. Trouble incarnate.

I've had some past... issues with the leader of this gang in the early days I've been here. I had said coin moves fast in Tham. Well, so does dirty coin. There were rumors of seedier elements hiding within the city to launder foul money and Relius was one of them. He has claim to a decent chunk of the second layer. Thankfully not turf that I skulk about. It doesn't sound impressive, but Relius has been known to be a relatively new and flourishing crime lord in the making. Looks like he's expanding his franchise into the first layer.

I desperately scanned the area for any legionnaires that could prevent said trouble. None. The one time I'm not being followed is the one, gods forsaken time I need them. To make matters worse, even civvies were starting to clear at the sight of Duran. Damn that scar of his, it rutting works.

“Sod.” I growled as my claws cradled the hilt of my dinner knife. I took to the shadows as I've seen a Duran performance enough to know how the dance goes.

<-O->

“Lookie what we 'ave 'ere boys.” Duran talks like he's been punched in the jaw one too many times. Maybe one more and it would fully come off. “Some kinda nancy, fern rutter doin' 'is tree dance in puh-blick! Yer missin' tha ears but yer almost an elvie.” Huh, so the boy is a humie. 

The foreign boy gracefully leaped from the railing to meet with Duran on even ground. He wore the most innocent of smiles... um, did you know you were just insulted? When he spoke in a tongue that neither I nor the thugs recognize. The tone was friendly, pretty much confirming that the boy has no clue he's about to be shaken down.

And I'm watching this shite-show from the second story awning of a textile store. Thankfully, it has a great view of the bridge and these idiots have their backs to me. I was ready to leap in to save the day. Honestly, why the hell am I even caring to protect what looks like a poor foreigner?

Right, cause this is all too familiar.

“Wood dancer here seems a few arrows short of a quiver.”

“Kid's missing the whole quiver Boyd!” The two lackeys chattered like drunk gremlins. They seemed to be a little lax on the lookout duty I'd assumed they were supposed to be doing.

Duran didn't seem to care about the recklessness either. At least enough to enact brute, but swift force. What he lacked in social graces, he made up with speed. Before one could blink twice, Duran had claimed the foreigner by the throat. 

“Boy, I've places tae be an' donations tae collect.” Duran easily lifted the boy off his feet just to meet him eye to eye. “Ye been selected inna no return investment plan tae 'elp our club. Anyting would be fine. Ye seem tae 'ave ” Whether he understand what Duran was saying or not, the foreigner knew he was in trouble. The boy frantically swatted at the offending arm to try and break free, but to no avail. He may appear to have some martial training but he has nothing on solid, barrel chested thug. The trio had nothing but chiding heckles for the effort. Though, the laughter slowly died down, but not in the way that the joy dies. No... the air turned more sinister. This isn't the normal song and dance of the Relius Gang...

“Hoo-wee! Lookit that fire! Boy's got some balls on 'im. ”

“No cryin', he goes to fightin! Mebbe we take him to Relius.”

“Krayd's gotta point Duran. Boy's got the seed of a fighter in him.”

A vile smirk slowly escaped from Duran's cracked lips and devil's fire burned in his amber eyes.  “Yes... yessss... Tha boy may not 'ave material tae donate. But 'e's got some promise in talent... Mebbe a job interview is'n order.”

Oh hells no, I know of Relius's “interview” methods. This boy will not last! I ain't one for selfless charity, but Relius is a pain in my tail. My claws fully claimed the knife. It had a raspy draw from the makeshift sheathe, but the blade was sharpened to cut more than bread. Without warning, I let my powerful legs propel me from the awning. Getting great lift, I flew in the air toe land squarely on the back of Boyd... or was it Krayd? Sod it, humies look the same. I jammed the knife into his shoulder and twisted it. Blood gushed violent as I cut and shredded flesh and sinew, disabling his arm. My claws of my free hand dug into his other shoulder while the talons of my feet found root throughout his back. This thug screamed and howled as I thoroughly crippled him enough to make him harmless now. 

“Duran...” I snarled like a wild beast over his kill. Granted, this guy will recover, save for the shoulder maybe. The other two thugs looked in wild disbelief as their comrade collapsed like a paper fort. The lackey glanced frantically around to find something to cling to for composure, but Duran was quicker to recover. Understandable though.

“Scrappah...” He hissed, still maintaining that vice on the foreigner. The boy still kept whacking away to free himself to no avail. Yet, those eyes of his showed his determination to keep it up.

“Let the softskin go and I'll stop shredding humie jerky from your servant.” I dug my claws and talons further to make my point. My prey screamed pitifully, though Duran seemed unshakeable.

“Thought Relius chased ye outta town...” Well, seems like Duran doesn't care about Boyd/Krayd here. "'E's still right pissed at ye."

“You guys are shite at kobold removal." I'm glad the big boss remembers me. "Want to get rid of a 'bold? Ya kill it, not scare it.”

“... not a bad idea.” Duran clicked his tongue and suddenly the remaining thug rushed me. With a swift kick, his boot found home in my gut. My vision went white, but I felt myself working against gravity as I was sent flying. Thankfully I tore more flesh from my victim when I was forcibly remove, but that was a minute victory. Once gravity reclaimed full control, I collided violently with cobble.

Sucker punched... can't believe these guys run on dog calls. My stomach lurched has blood and half digested food quickly evacuated my maw. Haze claimed my vision as my body was still trying to process everything that happen. “S-s-sod you...”

Footsteps approached me. “Not a skink rutter.” I couldn't retort to that smarmy remark as another kick was delivered. And then another. And another.

Over and over, I was pummeled in the stomach. More blood and bile was retched up after every violent blow. I couldn't even scream as fluids smothered my mouth and throat. Pain tore through my being like butcher knives filleting me straight up. Bones snapped and muscle started to rip. Soon, it began to wrest control away from my mind. Slowly, I was losing feeling bit by bit with my body as this sodding softskin worked his way to kill me.

The saddest realization of an impending death was not the death itself, but that no one would care. I'm a kobold... I'm scum... With nothing to my name and even the one time I try to do the right thing mattered for naught. My vision started to grow dark..

Then I heard a sharp, quick snap. It wasn't a snap of bones nor was it anywhere near me. It was like a finger snap with a metallic tinge to it. Then I heard screaming... terrified screaming...

I mustered up what little strength I had left to open my eyes. Through the pain veil of suffering, I caught a blurry shape frantically running around in circles. I think it was a person... but there was oranges, reds, and yellows that claimed a part of the shape. The screaming came from the chaotic, flailing shape. It howled like the banshees of horror fables, the screams one could barely imagine without experience. 

“Boss!!” 

“Bail!BailbailbailbailbailbailbailBAIL!” That was... Duran's voice... the blur jumped from the bridge which soon was followed with a splash. Before I could try to put together what happened, the surviving lackey took one last kick at me. I dry heaved... I have nothing left to vomit up. Though I apparently have something else to give up. I felt something being lifted from my body. The sound it made was  familiar and clear as a cloudless day.

“M-m-m-m... muh... cuh... cuh... cooooin....” Footsteps frantically retreated from me. The sodder took my money... what little money I had left... but it was all I had left. “C-c-c-coin...”

Another set of footsteps retreated in what sounds like in the same direction. Sod... I couldn't at least killed Boyd/Krayd?

<-O->

I just laid there in a puddle of blood and bile. Vision failed me now. Everything was just black. My mind still hung on to the last bit of the rope of life I have left. I could only guess what was going on. I was a heap of broken flesh left humiliated for trying to be anything more than what I am...

A filthy kobold.

I'm not smart.

I'm not strong.

I am a weak, feeble kobold.

We are simple creatures. We do little more than serve and scrounge. We proudly serve our master in the hopes of head pats and shinies. And, for a kobold, having your shinies taken away from you is a fate worse than death. Theft from a kobold is our rape. We take. Sometimes we give. But we always take. You don't take from us.

You don't take from us...

You don't take from us...

You don't take from us...

You don't take from ME!!!

Dammit, I am a kobold, but I will NOT submit to that. I was given a chance for more and gods be damned I. AM. NOT. WASTING. IT.

I tried to lift myself up but my arms wouldn't respond. Nor did my legs. Nor tail. Nothing worked. I want my money back. I want my coin back... I want my... shinies back...

“M-m-m-my... coi-coi-coi... coin... back-k-k...” Those were the few sounds one could make out from the gurgle froth that pooled in my maw. I will get my coin back. I will get my treasure. 

Everything is growing cold...

After I sleep this off...

Sounds are dulling...

I will get my treasure...

I could feel my mind growing as dead as my body...

Current Funds:
-6 Trinity Copper (robbed)
-6 Dwarven Copper (robbed)

Total:
0
