Chapter Four: Send Me An Angel

Kobolds are widely known for essentially being the evil foil to dwarves. Our keen eyesight and ability to track minerals by scents make us fantastic miners. That's basically the only positive any other race will give us. We were not uplifted like the dommies. Well, not by benevolent forces anyway. Most kobold tribes lack education and societal growth beyond the basic scavenging for survival. We get our basic needs from simply taking them. Due to lack of comparative strength, kobolds have relied on the more craftier means of traps and thievery. Did not help our public image.

As for our psychology, emotional fulfillment basically comes from precious metals, “shinies.” Having shinies makes us happy. More shinies leads to more happiness. Greed makes up the very foundation of our minds. Definitely not the healthiest basis for what makes us tick. Well, greed and one other factor:

Dragons.

Dragons are our deities, the ones supposedly responsible for uplifting the kobold race, if you could call it that. Hells, we believe we all have dragon blood running through our veins. Dragons make or break us. For the most part, dragons use kobolds as a means to fulfill their own desires, usually selfish and damning to my kind. Without a proper education, we blindly and blissfully serve these dragons as if doing so would give us greater enlightenment than what shinies would ever give. Many, MANY dragons abuse this power over us. It was an easy power to claim use and very, very few would dare rise up against one.

Sure, not all dragons are malevolent, but gods and heroes where are the good ones to help free your people? Nowhere! Sure as all the hells that they don't seem to care about us 'bolds. We got the short end of the stick. Life of a kobold is a shallow lie cultivated by ignorance. Hated by the dommies because of our lack of true uplifting and nothing but feed for a dragon. To live as a kobold is to march to your damnation with a smile on your face.

Thankfully, I got out.

<-O->

I felt a cold pin prick on my snout. The sensation flattened against my scale and ran down the side in a cool, slim trail. The phenomenon occurred again on my arm. Then another one on my stomach. The feelings built up in tempo exponentially until it reached a non-stop pace.

Rain. 

It was enough to rouse me from my slumber. Somehow I had fallen asleep in some alleyway. Huh, I have never fallen asleep in the streets, no matter how hard I worked that day. Sleep still weighed me down like a drunk ogre. Even my mind was felt like it was full of thick sludge. Gods, what happened to me?

The rain was frigid which wasn't the best thing for a 'bold. Thankfully, the harsh waters did help slowly sober me up. Well, mentally at least. My body was taking its sweet time to shake the dust. The freezing rain worked its annoying magic as sleep's sludge washed away from my mind. As mental muck was being wiped cleaned, a grim realization dawned on me:

Wasn't I dying?

My mind was starting to catch up to what happened. I was beaten until the brink of death by a lackey of the Relius Gang. That's right... I had stupidly attempted to save some foreign kid from a kidnapping which turned into beat on the kobold day. That's what I get for trying to be a good samaritan. Who's ever heard of a heroic kobold?

My hand instinctively went to my hip. Nothing there. That's right, they robbed me well. I sighed heavily. I remember my last thoughts were a burning hellfire of rage of having my coin taken. It was a meager twelve copper, but it was still my sodding money. Funny, somehow I'm not mad about it. Even if I tried, I couldn't recreate that anger. Now, a much more simple thought crossed my mind. How the hells am I gonna eat now? 

Wait... I lifted my arm and stared at it as if I had never seen it before in my life. I was able to move my arm. I shouldn't be able to! I remember losing all feeling in my body as well. I flexed muscles in my arm. I clenched my fist. It works fine. I lazily got to my feet and was quite surprised that this was all possible. Painlessly to I might add. Every bit of my body works just as it should. Even my tail!

How... how is this possible? I was beaten mercilessly! I know bones were shattered and my body was swollen with internal bleeding. I shouldn't be able to move as if I just woke up from a restful sleep. Which... appears to be what I've done...

Even where I was isn't right. I was left for dead on a walkway in the first layer. I took better stock of the alleyway. The cobblestone surrounding me was aged, weathered. Cracks and moss had deeply defaced what appeared to be simple military structures. Wood scaffolding was erected in a few locations. Empty bottles, wood splinters, and other sorts of waste were scattered about. Through the fresh scent of rain, I could pick up the thick stale scent of mold, rust, rotting wood. It was the bouquet of ages gone by. This place reeked of the second layer.

“????? ???? ????? ?? ??? ?????.” A soft, unrecognizable voice murmured. I hadn't realized I was sharing this alley with someone else. Resting against the doorway beside me was the foreign boy, seemingly having been there for a while. The entryway alcove served as decent shelter was he appeared to be completely dry. “??? ??? ??? ????????” 

I still cannot understand a lick of whatever the rut he was saying. He was muttering that language he spoke to Duran with. Though, I could tell he was being kind by his tone. He also sounded incredibly exhausted. I wondered if he watched over me the entire time. Well, I suppose I should try to communicate.

“Do... you... speak... Trade?” I spoke insultingly slow while making gestures to mimic the meaning of the words. I don't know how else to talk to him as I'm sure as shite he doesn't know Draconic. It also feels weird as normally this would go the other way around.

“I do.” He was quite confident with that answer, despite the tired rasp in his voice. “I'm guessing Trade is the main language here.” Huh, he has a slight accent. It's kind of pleasant actually. Also, why wouldn't Trade be the main language of an major trading hub? Well, at least I can talk to the boy without issue.

“Thanks for leaving me in the rain, ass.” The boy's eyes widened in rather amusing shock. Weren't expecting that, eh lad? Priorities. I crawled into the alcove with him. I needed to dry off quick. Unfortunately, we had no spare cloth. Well... “Sit still.” 

I mounted the boy's lap and rubbed up incessantly against him. He yelped and stammered but did nothing to resist me. Like a bear using a tree as a scratching post, I worked every angle of my body against his clothes to wick away the moisture. Thankfully no one would walk in on what looks like two vastly different species trying to rut. Though it worked decently enough to not have me freeze to death. And now he was wet, win-win.

The boy himself just stared out into space in complete confusion. I could see him trying to put the pieces together and figure out what just happened. “I... uh... whu...”

“Don't think too hard about it kid.” It was best if we don't discuss the clumsy lap dance of drying. “You need to start talking.”

He gave me a perplexed look. “Talk about what?”

A low groan rolled out of my throat. Are we really going to play this type of game? “What happened humie? You know, back at the bridge?”

“Oh! Right! Ummm...” The boy fidgeted around under my weight as he was trying to claim something behind him. Even with the rapping of rain against stone, I could hear a light, familiar jingle. The magical tone rang that in my ears never fails to perk me right up. He dropped a leather pouch full of coin right on my lap. “I got this back.” 

My tail was waggling frantically. I think I ended up whacking the boy a couple of times in the face but I don't care. I'm starting to not care about further details either as this bounty was a godsend. I have my money back! I opened the pouch to peer at the beauties hiding within it. Oh my babies. My sweet, sweet copper and silver shinies. How I've missed you so...

Wait... silver? The bag also feels heavier than I remember. I dipped a hand into the bag and grabbed a handful of coin. Just by feeling around, there was a lot more coin and looking at what I had revealed a few silver coins we mixed in with the numerous copper coins. This... is not my pouch...

“You're trembling... is everything still there?”

“Yes! Everythingisstillhere!” I would not dare to look him in the face with that blatant lie. The greed tingles were on overdrive sending me to quake delightfully. Sure there was the implication that Duran would hunt us down for this money, but gods... I'm holding the most money I ever had in my life. I'm starting to not even care that I have unintentionally stolen money from thugs. 

Well... until I realize that I may have a repeat of the failed rescue attempt. Yeah being beaten to death again doesn't sound so appealing. That thought was enough to bring me back down to the earth.

“Umm...”  Oh, the boy was trying to continue his story. “I had followed that guy after he ran.”

“I hope you hurt him.” I spat vehemently. It would've been nice for me to exact revenge, but still amusing if a young boy whipped him good.

“A... a little.” He sounded almost ashamed of that. I wonder what did happen. Just before they escaped, things were an indescribable blur. What happened in the aftermath? My mind kept running through the situation over and over to try to make some head way. Thugs approached the boy, attempted to shake him down, realized he had talent, I tried to intervene, got blindsided, got wailed on, then... frantic screaming, dancing blurs. After all that just... black void. No matter how hard I try to piece it together, I come to that impenetrable mental wall. The blurs and screams are the last thing I can recall before getting a shower is my next coherent memory. I know what erected that wall.

“How am I still alive?”

“I healed you.” How is that possible? And the fact that he said that so nonchalantly was off putting. I turned to look at him. Something's off with him. The shadows concealed the details, but I could sorta pick up on the differences. Living outside caves all these years hasn't fully dulled my dark vision. I leaped from his lap and yanked him by the arm out into the rain. Despite it being overcast, it was enough light for me.

The boy looked like death. His raven black hair was disheveled and lacked the lustrous sheen it once had. Dark circles of tired flesh had cradled his glassy, half-lidded eyes. And his skin, oh his once exotic tanned skin was ghostly white. The boy was drained of all color and life. It was like he was attacked by a soulrender. Hell, with everything else, I could care less of the few bruises he had from probably fighting the thug. Or maybe from the tail whacking.

Shock stole control of my body as his hand slipped out of mine. He stumbled back like a drunk but thankfully the building was able to catch his fall. My jaw just held wide open as I watched this role reversal with a child dying before my eyes. His breath was haggard as he desperately tried to swallow all the air he could.

“The hells happened to you boy?”

He mustered up a weak smile. “May have... spent a tad bit... too much... mana...” 

Mana? He's a mage? I don't know much about mages, but healing of that magnitude had to be taxing. Especially for a kid his age. Whatever this “mana” stuff is, was it worth wasting it on a complete stranger? Kid, your trusting nature almost got you killed by thugs and now you're dying because you tried to save someone else. The irony was not lost on me, but gods dammit I'm too pissed off at him to care.

“Are you daft!? Why kill yourself to save a kobold?” 

“Oooooh... you're a kobold?” Despite his condition, he could still muster up genuine amazement. He even pulled off a childish smile. 

“Eh-dyeh... really!?” He didn't even know I was a 'bold? Who doesn't know what a 'bold is!? What is this lad!? I let out a long sigh. “Ignoring that for right now, why risk your life!?”

The boy gave me a puzzled look. “Be... cause you... did?” Just hearing that took the wind out of my rage sails. His matter of fact honesty seemed to ignore the fact he looked like he was at death's door. Does he even realize the state he's in? Do I have have to be the responsible one now?

…

Dammit, I have to be the responsible one.

“Lad, you look like shite and clearly need healing yourself. I ain't a mage and I at least know self healing doesn't work that well. I may have enough coin for a cleric but I'm not really welcome at th-”

“I don't need... healing.” 

“Henh?” I gawked at him for the clearly idiotic thing he just said. “You sure? You look like you're ready to keel over.”

“I'm not... dying. Not yet anyway...” Not sure if I should be comforted by that, but hells, I'm not the mage. The boy took a few deep breaths to collect himself. “I'm just depleted of mana.” 

I'm not sure what that exactly means for a mage. Like, I know mana is important for them, but that's as far as it goes. Is it... bad to be out of mana? Although, I do know of one way mages replenish it. A very expensive way. “Do you have any mana potions?”

“I used all four of them healing you.” He pointed to the four empty bottles around us. The kid depleted himself five times to save me!? Mana pots are as expensive as decorative helms for kings! Really!? My newly acquired fortune is going straight to pay off a debt!!

“Yeah... I don't have enough for pots right now.” I admitted to the boy. If he's not dying now, he is severely weak. If Duran was hunting him down, he can't defend himself in this state. “What else can we do?”

“Rest.” He simply said. “Rest and food.” As if on cue, a hostile grumble roared within my stomach. Holy spirits, why do I feel like I haven't eaten in days?

“Yeah... food sounds good.” Though, I'm sure the slop that people call food at this layer would not suffice to help him. Nor would it work to satisfy my ravenous hunger.  I looked into my newly acquired coin pouch. I have the coin for a real meal...  A real meal! Venison! Mead! Vegetables without mold! A smile sprouted across my lips like a blooming rose. "Wait here."

I raced out of the alleyway to get my bearings of where we are in the second layer. Thankfully, I saw a familiar location. A makeshift church mission was set up in what I assumed was the outer guard mess hall. I never dealt with them, but I knew that mission was right by a layer pathway. If it's the pathway I'm thinking of, there is a tavern not too far from there. Please let it be true, I've always smelled wonderful aromas from that place and never had the coin for it. If I can get the mage there, he should be safe long enough to start getting his strength back. 

We need to move. Without hesitation, I returned to reclaim the boy. Eagerly, I greedily stole his hands and pulled him off the wall. He slumped lazily, but I could see him focusing to stand on his feet. 

“Softskin, food sounds sublime! Pull yourself together and gimme your shirt, we're going places!"

Current Funds:

+57 Trinity Copper (accidentally stolen)
+4 Trinity Silver (accidentally stolen)

Total:
57 Trinity Copper
4 Trinity Silver
???? Mana Potion Debt (needs appraisal)