Chapter Five: Down Under

Despite its grotesque name, the Dripping Priest appeared to be a rather popular tavern in this segment of the first layer. I mean, that's just judging on the foot traffic I've seen the place attract. Can't blame them, the luscious smells this place gives off are in-tox-i-ca-ting. The aroma is like a fisher's net cast out to reel in travelers and locals alike. By the gods, whatever culinary wizard they have there, they definitely have mastered the magic of food... if there is such an arcane art exists. I'll have to ask the boy if there is such a thing.

There was a dark slate stone sign that always presented it outside the modest tavern building. That slab would always have what the tavern was serving that day. They also posted the prices which always repel me way from skulking about. You don't need fancy poisons to keep a poor kobold away, just scare 'em with price. Well, not this time. Girl got coin.

“Smell good humie?” I looked over to my shirtless traveling companion. His exhausted aura was definitely starting to pick up just from the promise of food itself. He seemed entranced with that vacant, yet dreamy stare of his. I let out an amused scoff and tossed his water soaked top at his head. “It was a terrible umbrella by the way.”

“?-?????...” He stammered in his native tongue. I watched him twist the shirt to wring out the excess water. It took him a bit, but I watched his eyes widened when he realized his mistake. “Oh! I mean... sorry.”

“I figured.” The inflection of that phrase was easy to pick up on. I tugged his arm to get him focus a tad. “Listen kid, we need to be the same page on something before we go in.”

The mage's eyebrow cocked. “We're reading a book?”

“No softskin...” I half groaned at his stupidity until I realized that Trade isn't his native tongue. It would make some sense he doesn't know or understand some turn of phrases. Forgiving him a touch, I had to prepare him for a cover we might need. “I need you to pretend that... I'm your... pet or slave...” Saying that actually made me retch.

“Uh.. why?” Right, this lad didn't even know what a kobold looked like until a few minutes ago. I really didn't want to explain to this backwater child the depressing truth of a low race. It's depressing enough to live such a life; having to openly say it feels like an admission of defeat.

“Just trust me boy.” I grumbled, sadly still continuing to lie to myself. “If anyone wants to start trouble, just say I belong to you.” The boy pursed his lips in a childish pout. I can tell he still didn't understand my reasoning, but I'm not going to try to give him a history lesson. I just need him to do this for me... us... if we were to get food.

A stern glare and awkward silence eventually wore him down. “Ah-aye...”

“Good boy.” He still seemed unsure of this whole situation, but I don't have time for this. Neither does my stomach. I slipped behind the boy and started pushing. “Let's mosey, time for food.”

<-O->

Well, the reputation of the Dripping Priest was starting to become apparent once we entered. The place was quite packed, though I don't think the rain is the only reason why travelers were here. 

The spacious, cobblestone dwelling almost mimicked the structure of the city itself. Darkened mahogany tables with matching stools lined the inner circle of the tavern. Along the walls were more intimate booths made of the same, carefully treated wood. Probably for the patrons with more coin to throw around. Looks like the elven proprietor had himself set up at a bar at the center back wall. A perfect place to overlook the entire establishment. 

They all surround the large fire pit in the center. The large pyre burned with a controlled ferocity that only a careful touch could create. The blaze cast a soft, orange hue throughout that was just soothing to be around. The burning seemed to compliment the wondrous aromas of food and fragrant wood furnishings. Then there's the warmth, oh that beautiful warmth of the pyre... It was that cozy heat that could lull you straight to sleep. I could feel my scales starting to dry already.

As we entered, the proprietor looked up from the tankard he was cleaning. “Welcome! We just stoked the fire, perfect for a storm like...” His hesitation was obvious when he saw as certain minuscule creature. Me. Silence killed the dull buzzing of conversation as every eye was on us. Well, more like me, but the mage is definitely drawn to us. The elf made his stride to us, probably debating on how to proceed on throwing us out. A barely concealed sneer was threatening to break free on his sharp face. “Um... lad... do you know this... kobold?” Oh stop trying to act high and mighty with false manners you tree rutter. Everyone knows everyone despises my kind.

I looked to the boy, hoping he wasn't too dense to not stick to the plan. The mage looked bewildered at this passive aggressive confrontation. I briefly wondered if this kid had any true social interaction before me. Though, I'm more worried that if he doesn't say anything, we're back out on the streets. Sure, I'm starving, but this kid needs it more. C'mon boy, pull through!

“Uh... ???, ???? ? ?????? ??...” Course, he blows it already in his native tongue. He seemed to have caught himself midway. A slight bit of incomprehensible stammering helped him regain himself. “S-sorry, habit. I meant to say that she's a friend of mine.”

Friend? Friend kid... really? Who in all the hells would be friends with a 'bold!? I wanted to slap him for being a damn fool and ruining our chances to eat. The elf probably thinks we're beggars or lowlifes now... We're gonna get thrown back out to the rain. I'll day from the cold and he'll die of mana starvation or whatever happens to mages. Good going boy, you damned us.

Though... I have to admit to being thankful for him not calling me a slave... for what little emotional comfort it gave.

There was no immediate call to action to throw out street urchins. No, in fact the air oddly grew less hostile. Patrons still stared in silence at what was going on, but I don't sense a desire to boot us. The elf seemed more perplexed by the boy's presence than mine for some reason. “A Marduul? Don't see you folks around here.” A Marduul? What's that? 

“You know of us?” Well, positive ID from the boy. He's one of these... Marduul things? … he looks humie to me.

The elf shrugged. “A touch. I've heard the queer language before.” He gave me a halfhearted look. It wasn't as spiteful as the first concealed one, but still was dusted with disgust. “Didn't know they took on kobolds, but the Marduul are weird folks... no offense.” 

I felt the need to chime in to solidify this claim. What better way to cover my ignorance than my favorite trick? “Yes-yes! Mar-Mars give nice to kobold! Kobold serve the Mar-Mars!” Nailed it. Through the corner of my eye, I could see the boy staring at me as if I was the town looney. 

“I see...” The elf sighed. “Well, promise if you keep it out of trouble, I'll let you stay.” 

“I can do that sir.”

“Yes-yes! Kobold be the goods!”

The proprietor rolled his eyes. “Good. I don't need the gods on me for throwing out a starving child. Take the booth in the corner over yonder. Don't need you disturbing the others.”

Oooh, a booth. It was nestled nicely in the corner too. That should keep too many eyes from stealing a glance. I viciously claimed the mage's wrist and dragged him to the booth. Manners be damned, I'm hungry and I'm not being thrown out of a place with good food!

“Whoa-whoa! Easy!” The boy pleaded as I shoved him onto the cushioned bench. I plopped my rump next to him, letting him and the wood divider wall conceal me from the others here. I just don't need any more disgusted eyes on me.

“You almost damned us boy.” I snarled as I claimed the engraved wood tablets that served as menus here. Nearby patrons had definitely overheard that outburst of spite as heads were turning. “You're lucky that you're apparently stranger than me.”

The mage held his head low. “S-sorry...” His voice defeated, like he had just severely disappointed a father. Surprised that he felt that guilty over the situation. Sure, I could've starved, but who gives a shite? Who feels guilt for a kobold? He could've left me for dead too and never have been in this situation.

That was when I caught his eyes, those golden eyes that drowned in despair. Yup, genuine guilt. Genuine, misplaced guilt. I wanted to mock him for being a weak, idiotic milkdrinker, but his overwhelming concern for an unwanted stranger was touching. When was the last time anyone cared that I lived? Besides for target practice.

I sighed as creeping, warm fuzzies won me over. “Chin up lad, being lucky is good. We pulled through and we get to eat.” I shifted the tablets so the boy could see easily. “Get what you want, I still owe you. Oh... stay within reason, I ain't that rich with coin.”

He seemed to cheer up at that. The mage peered over and glanced through the lines carved into the slabs. I watched his eyes run through line by line. Then his lips pursed. His eyebrows furrowed. Then low grumble rolled from his throat.

“So... what's this say?” He asked. Can... can he not read? I gave him the same crazy look he had given me earlier. “Is this Trade? I can't read Trade!”

“You learned to speak Trade, but not read it!?” The boy gave a frustrated shrug. “Boy, how the hells do you survive?”

“We don't write things in Trade!” Who doesn't? The Marduul? Boy, I lived under a school for a spell and learned to speak, read, and write! What backwater, uncivilized tribe are you from!?

“By Graabthar you are a chore.” I massaged the ridge of my brow to ease back a growing migraine. This kid would've been dead without me. “What do you like then, I can tell you if they have it or not.”

“Umm... I always liked the venison feasts we'd have back home.” Good, this item was on the menu, at least meals won't be an issue. Actually, I was in the mood for venison as well. I haven't had it in ages.

“You're in luck, they have it. Not a feast mind you, but it should suffice.” The boy's eyes lit up. Well, as much as they could with his lack of energy. “Call the serving wench over. Get us a venison tenderloin platter and however you like it. And Goldenbrook Ale, they actually have it here.”

“Is that good?” 

I nodded. “Divine lad, most flavorful brew I've had. Pricey, but worth it.” The boy seemed a touch young for drink, but what the hells, one won't kill him. “Get yourself one too.”

With an affirming nod, the boy called over the humie female serving the tables of this area. He was more graceful in this encounter, flawlessly ordering the two drinks, my tenderloin, and a roasted sirloin for himself. The woman gave me a strange look, to which I gave her my dopey kobold slave smile. As soon as she came, she spirited away to deliver our drinks and place the order.

I wasted no time taking a swig of the Goldenbrook Ale. True to its name, the ale was very golden in color. It was golden in flavor as well. The musky mix of assorted fruit flavors danced on my tongue as the golden brew flooded in my mouth. It hit just the right amount of sweetness with a brisk sharpness of bite that woke the senses. I savored the taste slowly before swallowing the ale. Warmth washed over me as the drink flowed down to my stomach. Truly, Goldenbrook Ale was a gift from the gods.

I peered over to the lad as he awkwardly took experimental sips from his tankard. He didn't seem to dislike it, but it definitely was overpowering his young pallete. With every sip he took, he'd scrunch his face up as if a fist had implanted itself perfectly in the center. Humies certainly had some of the funniest faces I've seen.

"Never had a real man's drink before?" I teased, only to get a wincing hiss as he tried to speak during a sip. Yup, his first brew and Goldenbrook, while not fire water, shouldn't be your first one. "Take it slow lad. You'll grow the tongue for it."

"It's good." He coughed slightly after attempting a bolder sip. "But it fights back!" Another courageous gulp from him and he went into a coughing fit. Welcome to alcohol. I laughed heartily while watching him try to be a man. It's kind of endearing honestly. I found myself almost enjoying his presence despite his naivete. It also seemed that the brew helped his energy as color started to come back in his flesh. That was quick but then again, mages are weird.

He behaved with this mix of still being a child yet trying to be an adult. Just from the brief moments we had, he was earnest but lacked wisdom. All heart with no brain. Kind of like wielding a sword with no talent, still sharp and dangerous, but not refined and efficient. Course, this could just be the ale talking.

Still, the boy who had saved my life was a curious subject to behold. From his looks to his actions, every aspect of him screamed foreign. All I knew was a vague identification from the elf.

"What's your story boy?" Curiosity got the better of me. I wanted to know more about this alien child. That and I wasn't in the mood to sit in awkward silence waiting for our food. "The sharp-ear called you a Marduul. Wassat?"

He put his tankard down. The sloshing still proved he had a ways to go to drinking, but he did give it a try. "Marduul is the collective name of the tribes my brothers and sisters come from. At least, that's the best way to describe it."

"Never heard of such tribes."

"Marduul itself is a way of life the tribes follow. While you can call us the Marduul, the individual tribes themselves are named after their founder father. Even then, we're few in number and have none in these lands."

Explains why I've never heard of them. I had asked him what the way of life was that unified the tribes. He gave a rather long and somewhat convoluted explanation of Marduul that was soiled by issues of translation as he kept breaking into his native tongue. Corrections into Trade were stiff, but I think I was starting to follow him.

Marduul was the name given to their absolute founding elder. An adventurer they pseudo-worshipped as a Hero-God who fought tirelessly to protect mortals during the Era of the Blind Gods. It was a time thousands of years ago when our realm was cut off from the realms of the gods. Without the protection of the divines, the realm had fallen into chaos and the mortal races were on their own. Clerics, priests, and paladins were completely powerless during this dark time. 

In fact, even the balance of nature that some gods held control over were thrown into disarray. Weather was erratic and could change by the hour. Crops failed to grow under normal conditions, even going as far as growing only in toxic swamps or volcanic regions. The realm lost all sense of order and followed the sane reasoning of a dwarven tavern orgy.

The Era had ended when the gods returned to regain control. No one knew how they were cut off nor do we know how order was restored. It just ended as unexpectedly as it started. Surviving civilizations were rebuilt and never again were the realms cut off. History of the Era was common knowledge but the name Marduul is a new one. Marduul had assembled his own following to provide aid to people in a world with no rules. They were the ones brave enough to establish some form of civil order to those who desperately needed it to survive. His order was even brave enough to attempt to experiment with the broken rules to make sure people were fed and clothed.

After the gods returned, Marduul and his followers had established their own society of warriors for generations to come. From the boy's description, I could sum them up as godless paladins. The tribes became wandering peace keepers, ever ready in case another Blind Era would ever come to be. 

"Well, that seems kind of a dead end life." I grunted. True, forever living in servitude to a promise that may never happen was a life wasted. Sounds familiar.

"Not true!" The boy protested. "We still wander to give aid to those that need it! My tribe has provided relief to villages ransacked by brigands and famine! We take in those that have lost everything! We care for, feed, and protect the weak!"

"Aye, so you folk don't sit around waiting for the end of the world. Good on ya." Though, this still didn't explain one thing. "What about you, why are you here?"

"I'm on pilgrimage." He was very on point with an answer. "When we come of age, the firstborn or first adopted sons of families take a choice of where we go in life."

I scoffed. "Not everyday you can say you get a choice in life."

"We either become a Justicar or Pathfinder." Looks like he missed my sarcasm. "A Justicar trains to become a warrior for the tribe. While everyone does receive martial training, the Justicars have the absolute responsibility for defending the tribe or responding to nearby crises."

"Well, you're here, so I'd wager you chose to be a Pathfinder."

The boy nodded earnestly. "I did. A Pathfinder is still responsible to helping those in need, but we also set out to establish new tribes. Pathfinders would wander the realm to learn what it means to be a true elder and form a new tribe with people willing to protect others."

That was a rather polarizing difference between the two. Either become a dedicated warrior and stay home or leave your family, travel the realm on your own, learn what it takes to be a leader, and make your own civilization. If these people are sending children out, I can see why the Marduul aren't common knowledge and widespread. Speaking of children...

“Lad... how old are you?”

“I've just turned fourteen councils a few watches ago.” I understood his odd lingo immediately as archaic phrases for time. That and was absolutely astounded by this revelation.

“First off boy, it's fourteen years old a few months ago. Translates much easier to and from Trade.” He nodded energetically in understanding. “Second... are you people daft!? You're barely out of being a babe! How in the hells are you going to figure out to be a tribe leader on your own!?”

“I... I don't know..” The boy turned his gaze away from me. “I'm... supposed to learn that on this pilgrimage. My travels are supposed to help me grow into a great leader.”

Again, a migraine was starting to form. This kid may mean well, but he's going to get himself killed. I heaved a sigh. “Boy, things aren't that easy as whatever romantic notions your tribesmen tell you.”

“I... I know..” Somehow, I highly doubt that.

“Take it from me kid. I'm a kobold trying to earn an honest living in the big city and become rich. So y'know, next to impossible.” His eyebrow cocked in confusion. “That's right, what do you know about kobolds?”

“Umm... they are reptilian creatures with a talent for mining and tend to worship dragons.”

“Well, you're not wrong, though it's not the entire story.” I hesitated to tell him more. Trailing down the woeful road that is my life is something I'd like to continue avoiding. Thankfully the serving wench came back to finally deliver our food. It was a nice diversion from a painful trail of thought.

The venison meals looked absolutely divine. Juicy, tender deer meat covered evenly in a darken brown glaze. The meat was cradled perfectly with a variety of roasted vegetables. Herbs were sprinkled just lightly over the whole platter that added to the whole aroma of my meal. I greedily stabbed at the meal with my fork and jammed the venison bite in my mouth. 

Oh... this meat is sublime. It resists bites just enough to slowly release the flavors trapped within its walls. Spices tingled and mingled with the rich taste of the soft meat. It all worked together, like a tightly knit orchestra of flavors and textures to create the perfect, delicious symphony of food. How long has it been since I've had a meal like this? It makes me quake.

“So why is it hard for a kobold to live in the city?” Aaaaaaaaaaaand there was the boy ruining my food reverie. Well, it wasn't enough to fully ruin it, this food is too damn good. I stole a glance at the boy to see he hadn't really touched his food. He waited patiently, expecting an answer from me. You're gonna force me down that road, aren't ya?

“Fine. It's rather simple: kobolds are hated. You dommies and middies treat us like sodding vermin.” There, are you happy now kid? I basically just admitted to accepting that dirty truth. “No one wants a kobold around. Like that elf, ready to toss me out. There are only two good kobolds, a slave or a corpse! It's all we're good for to be mildly tolerated!”

I noticed myself digging my claws into the table. Gods, what a way to put me in a foul humor. Rage was building up in my being like a raging dragon fire. I'm better than every other kobold! But no, I'm still the rutting unwanted life that roams these streets! I've been ignored, taken advantage of, beaten to death, and I still have to walk this sham of a life. Dammit, why the hells was I born a 'bold!? Why the fu-

“Are you vermin though?” Well... that wasn't the question I was expecting from him. Something about his honest inquiry caught me off guard. I had to wonder whether or not this kid is somewhere near the same plane of thought I was on. Like, in some childish loophole he could gauge my mind. That or the simple fact that I'm the first 'bold he's seen couldn't build a hate yet. Either way, it actually snuffed my anger nigh instantaneously. 

“Depends on who you ask kid. Most people will say I am. Hells, even I'll tell you that some kobolds are vermin.” It's true, I know plenty of kobolds who do deserve to be smote from this plane with extreme prejudice. 

A heavy silence weighed down on our booth. The boy turned his attention to eat his meal. He was slow with his bites, almost like his appetite was shot. So was mine to be honest. I wish the kid didn't keep asking questions. Sure, he was just asking an innocent question. He meant no harm. Well, first lesson kid in being a leader: some topics are worth dropping.

A clinking came from his plate. He had dropped his utensils abruptly and stared out into space with a rather stern glare. What was his problem?

“If you ask me then...” His voice was darkened with a strength that matched that glare of his. “I don't think you're vermin.”

Sweet of you to say, but... “You don't know me humie. Don't act like you know everyth-”

“You risked your life to save mine.” I... damn this kid is good at sweeping my leg when he needs to. He keeps saying that, but I don't believe it.

“I... wouldn't say that I did... I got my arse handed to me.” Hells, makes me wonder if I even needed to bother. “You saved me, which you wouldn't have to if I hadn't interfered. You're a mage, you were probably fine without me.”

“I couldn't breathe.” What did that have to do with anything? Sure, Duran had a grip on his throat but the boy still seemed fine enough to fight back. The mage definitely could see my perplexed face. “Mages can't cast spells if they can't breathe.” 

“I see...” Huh, learn something new everyday. If that's true, then I did save him, clumsily. “Well, then I don't feel completely useless.”

“How are you useless? You seem pretty smart. Smarter than me." Of course I'm smarter than you boy, I've survived this long on my own.

"I get by." Somehow I couldn't bring myself to give him the snark. He doesn't really deserve it. "I'm not really moving anywhere, but I'm still living."

"I can help you." He said that so bluntly that I had to wonder if he even knew what he just said. "You're having trouble getting rich right? I'll help you make money."

"Do you even know how?"

His face flared red. "N-no..." Good, you're useless to me then. "You can teach me! I'll do whatever it takes!"

"Lad, it's not that easy. It takes..." I found the words I wanted to say escape me. This boy's steadfast desire to help was admirable. It may be from years of misguided upbringing in his tribe, yet his words had heart.

I wasn't in the particular mood to continuously owe him after healing me, but the boy isn't entirely useless to me. A cooperative humie would be a perfect asset to play up the slave 'bold angle. He did help me get in here after all. Well, with the grace of an ogre, but he still did. Plus, with the added boon of being a mage, I have power to fight back against any ballsy enough to start trouble. I'll just need to work around his lack of street smarts. Or rather, his smarts in general.

Yes, this boy has his uses. He can be amusing and he doesn't piss me off enough to wish for his death. I think I can make this work if I play my cards right. And hey, maybe he'll learn a thing or two for his idiotic pilgrimage, so I am doing a favor for him as well. It's a win-win and maybe some charity will bestow good karma.

"You gotta name kid?" I asked, kind of shocked at myself that I hadn't asked at all yet. Well, not really. I don't normally care to learn people's names, just their wallets.

"Marduul Jayce for la Tonza" I... think he said that in his native tongue. That or he propositioned me for something... in his native tongue.

"Who in the what now?"

The boy chortled. "It means Jayce Marduul of the Tonza tribe." Going through process of elimination, Jayce had to be his given name.

"That's your real name?" He nodded once. Yeah... I'm not calling him that. "It makes you sound important. Not happening. I'm gonna call you "Pup" instead."

"But I-" I gave him the most spiteful glare I could muster. It seemed to work, his baby eyes bugged out in fear. "Pup it is then."

Good boy, you are now my honorary kobold pup. If I'm taking you under my wing, we are establishing who's the boss... even if we're the only two who know it.

"What's your name?" He asked. Well, it's only fair since I asked his.

"Call me Scrapper."

"Is that your real name?" Heh, even mimicking the line of questioning too. He is sharp at times though, for the truth is...

"Nope." It wasn't my given name, just one that I had picked up years ago when I came to Tham. Dunno if he could tell before, but he made a good guess. I had left it at that for him and returned back to my food. My appetite had returned full force and the venison still tasted as wonderful as it had before this drama whirlwind.

"Are... are you going to tell me your real name?"

"Eat your food Pup."

"Ok."

Current Funds:

-13 Trinity Copper (Food)
-3 Trinity Silver (Food)

Total:
44 Trinity Copper
1 Trinity Silver

Allies
Jayce "Pup" Marduul
-Human Mage
