Chapter Six: Our House
 
No matter how many times I could mention it, nothing really drove the point home that the second layer was the unwanted, dank slums of Tham. Once the primary outermost layer of the city from days gone by, the former checkpoint was left to decay to the tides of time and neglect. Sure, maybe someday in the far future this layer will become the promised housing the Trinity assured it will be. That is, if they can expunge the lowborn and scum that have laid claim to the ring. Makes me wonder if they can oust out someone like Relius, whose roots grow fast and deep. Sadly, this dilapidated excuse of wood and cobble is the place I call home.
 
To be more precise though, I squat at what I assume was once some sort of small flophouse for the weary to quickly lodge after days of travel. I could only guess, it doesn't particular help when the roof had collapsed, engulfing a good majority of the building. The entire front half was nothing but a two story pile of rubble. The second floor was inhabitable unless you had the iron will of a golem. All that was remotely feasible to sleep the night in was the back half of the flophouse, which I'm guessing was once the common dining room. In terms of free lodging, it's actually not completely appalling.
 
So why isn't it the squatters' haven? Because of one catch: entry. Any feasible way into the remains had fallen victim to ruin. There was only one way if you were small, limber, and patient enough to look. In the collapsed portion of the building, the weather drainage duct had crumbled enough to open up into the building. Sure, you'd end up crawling through the moss and mold ridden duct and into a pool of collected rain water, but once you ventured through the rubble into the back, you had a dwelling protected enough from the elements.
 
This duct was no problem for me to crawl through. Strangely, this time was a bit snugger that I'd remember, but I blamed the venison digesting in my stomach. Getting Pup through however was gonna  be interesting. I already got an amusing scene of him trying to frivolously squeeze through the duct. I called him fat.
 
“I can just stay outside!” I could hear him call out from beyond the rubble.
 
“I'm not that heartless Pup!” I am not letting the boy sleep out in the rain. I looked up the rubble to see if there was any possible way to break him through. I could only think of one possible way without compromising my hovel.  “Think you can climb up to the roof?”
 
“Aye, should be easy!”
 
Let's see... the crumbling cobble blocked windows and doorways leading to the outside. The rest of the majority of the surviving building is carved into the layer wall itself, so no windows and doors there. I climbed up the remains of the stairwell to the second floor. Most of the second floor was engulfed or simply missing from the collapse. There were gaps in the stone, but they were only big enough to let foul weather or rats in. Judging by how they fell, messing with the stone would probably cause a catastrophic collapse. That left one option I could think of... the wooden boards of the roof. I think we can pull a board or two to let him in.
 
“Pup!?” I shouted, hoping he could hear me over the rain. “You on the roof!?”
 
“Aye!”
 
“Good, see the wood boards? Check if any can be pried.” Creaking wood was my only answer. Hopefully he heard me. I could hear his footsteps among the pelting rain. Though, something else was unsettling with all this. The creaking was growing more and more violent by the second as he moved about the roof. “And don't pry too many because you'll just let-”
 
*CRCKCRCKCRCK.... CRACK!.... WHUMP!*
 
“... rain in...”
 
Looks like the roof wasn't strong to support someone crawling on it. It gave out letting Pup, wood splinters, and an arse-ton of rain pouring in. Poor boy fell face first to the aged wood floor that thankfully was sturdy enough to break the fall. I chuckled at his misfortune, it was the only thing that gave me comfort in this sad situation. It would've been funnier if he continued to fall to the first floor.
 
“At... at least... I'm inside... ow...” He groaned into the floor. Rain continued to dump mercilessly on his writhing body. It almost was like the even the gods were mocking his misery.
 
“... yyyyyyyup-ah.” I tossed a few Draconic obscenities as I stared up at the new, gaping hole in the roof. That'll be a problem if we don't take care of it. Although the tilt of the floor boards let the rain flow back to the front pit, it would eventually overflow into where you could live here. I had one idea and prayed it would suffice to curb the flooding.
 
<-O->
 
Thankfully, those prayers were answered. We found a table big enough to cover the new rooftop entrance. Once Pup was up and able, we slid the slab of wood in place to prevent anymore rain from pouring in. Sure, it wasn't a perfect plug, but I can handle minor leaking over a full waterfall. However, we had to be extremely careful not to destroy more of the roof however. The wood boards groaned under the new weight of the table placed up there. The hostile creaking was like disturbing a sleeping bear. If we kept prodding, that roof will attack... by collapsing.
 
Pup actually showed a brief glimpse of genius by stacking an armoire and side chest high enough to provide a makeshift support beam to hold up some of the table's weight. I added to it by using miscellaneous furniture to create a faux staircase for him to get in and out of the new hole for him.
 
“Not my idea of a restful evening, but at least we got a system to let you in.” I sighed, feeling as tired as I did before I ate.
 
“Sorry.” A meek apology from my tribal asset. The boy is quick to apologize a little too much.
 
I shrugged it off. “It was going to be a problem eventually. It's good we got it out of the way now.” I tugged at his arm to usher along with me. “Come Pup, the sad excuse for stairs are tricky.”  
 
“Wait, there's something worse than cabinet stairs?” Yes Pup, because we made sure those were stable for you.
 
The remains of the stairs were almost a dangerous puzzle in of itself. Steps were either half a board barely supported enough for my weight or just completely missing. I had to be thankful that we found the stuff for the makeshift roof latch on this floor. It was a safe bet to wager that these stairs would've crumbled more if we tried lugging furniture up it. Maybe we could make some more sturdy ramp over this or something. Or just find a non-shite home.
 
Though, we have to make due with what we have now. I do remember what steps are completely stable  and should support Pup's weight. As I scrambled down the shambles, I pointed out which step for him to use. With surprisingly grace, the boy was able to leap from step to step. Spry as an elf, he made the descent perfectly. This was the same boy who fell through the roof like a drunk dwarf on the night before paladin initiation.
 
“And what stopped you from doing that on the roof?”
 
“You told me where it was safe to step!” Oh? I have to point out every stable footing and branch for this kid's acrobatics? I am NOT hand holding this boy through life. I absolutely refuse to be this softskin's mother.
 
An irritated grunt escaped my throat. I saw the slight muscle twitching of Pup preparing to utter another apology. Another, much more aggravated growl rolling out of my maw shut that apology down before it came to fruition. Oh good, I can shut him down without words. Turning on my footpad, I made my way to dining hall. Thankfully, Pup took the cue to follow along, bouncing almost like a freshly hatched kobold. He really is such a pup.
 
The remains of the dining hall weren't that impressive. Mostly it was just empty space with debris from whatever used to hang from the rafters scattered about. It was probably stripped down like the rest of the building when the last, legit tenants moved to another layer. What was left were a few pieces of aged tables and benches that had been pushed off to the far end of the room. Dust and cobwebs had caked nearly every surface imaginable except for the one area I use.
 
There was hearth close to the center of the room. The stone fire pit was mottled with ash and heat-cracked rock from pyres of the ages. This little area was the only thing that mattered to me in this spacious building. I also lucked out with the smoke hole in the ceiling still having its rain cover. The tattered and moth eaten bedroll that lay beside the pit was where I'd spend sleepless nights here. And I needed to find something for Pup to rest his head.
 
“I'm gonna try to find you something to sleep on.” Pausing, I took note that I did leave wood set up in the hearth. “And my flint and steel. Just hang in there.”
 
Just as I turned to start looking for my flint and steel, I heard that metallic snap from before followed  by a strong rumbling and crackling. Spinning around, I see the pyre roaring ablaze and Pup beaming a wide smile.
 
“Took care of the fire!” Right, this kid knew fire spells, though I've yet to witness him actually cast 'em. That childish grin of his was pretty infectious as I felt myself mirroring him. And look at that, the humie has all his teeth too. Surprised a tribal boy had some modicum of hygiene.
 
“Well, a bedroll is all you need then. Can you conjure one up?”
 
“I... don't know... that spell.”
 
An amused chortle was my only answer to that. I rummaged through a nearby cabinet that I used to store what little belongings I did own. There were the roughspun scraps I called clothing, the flatware that I use as as weaponry, the flatware that I do eat with, and a lot of random junk that I honestly have no clue what they're for. They do LOOK important though, I swear. Ah, there it is, there was the spare bedroll that wasn't in any better condition than mine. Better than lying on the bare floor I suppose. 

I stole a quick glance over my shoulder. Pup still sat there like a child waiting patiently for a treat. That defenselessness of his sparked a devious idea. A smirk grew slowly across my maw as I turned away from him. I took the bedroll into my hand and gave myself a brief moment to focus. Every muscle of mine tightened and snapped instantaneously as I flung the bedroll with expert precision right at the boy's head.

He had no time to react as the tied up roll collided with his forehead. The sudden, explosive force was enough to knock him over. Nailed it perfectly. Pup desperately flailed and scrambled like a flipped over turtle. The incoherent babbling of his was a pitiful attempt for his feeble, humie mind trying to figure out what just happened.

“S-s-s-Scrap-p-p-p-per! Get-get down! We're under attack!!” He wailed while still, somehow, unable to figure out what actually happened.

I laughed. I laughed hysterically. I laughed long enough to have me gasping for air. It was the first time I had felt such amusement in what seemed like a century. How long has it been since I felt as such?

Eh, who gives a shite? It feels great and dammit, I'll soak it up for as long as I can. 

<-0->

“It wasn't that funny...”

“Yes it was Pup.”

Pup pouted into the scrap of a blanket. Sure, I did laugh at him for roughly fifteen minutes but hey, is that really grounds to fret like a child?

… okay, maybe it is. It is very rare for me not to be on the receiving end of such ridicule so I just had to drink up some well deserved revenge. Petty revenge against someone who doesn't deserve it. The boy wouldn't understand. I'm sure he knows nothing of true, underprivileged struggle. I'll meet him halfway though.

“You can laugh at me when I do something foolish. Fair?” Pup seemed to consider the proposition for a spell before giving me a singular nod. It's the least I can offer the young lad. “Good, we're each other's jester. With that established, rest your head. We have coin to make at dawn.”

“Why is money important to you Scrapper?” A good question, one that's not easy to put into words. Well, at least words he'd fully understand. Or words I'd want to admit. With the lack of experience Pup carries, he would need to have some understanding I suppose. It would help him be a better asset at the very least.

Let's gauge on how knowledgeable this boy is. “What do you know about dragons?”

“Wh-what does that have to do with-”

“Just answer the question Pup.” The boy's brow furrowed. Yes, I know it seems to not have anything to do with what you asked, but it'll make sense in the long run. Hopefully enough sense for you to understand at least.

“Well... the term 'dragon' refers to an intelligent, reptilian beast with an extremely high magical capacity.” Ok, starting off with text book answers but we all have to start somewhere. “There are two standard classifications of dragon based on their coloration, chromatic and metallic, although there are other schools of dragon types that do exist.”

“Not bad.” Ok, so I'm started to wonder what this boy's education was like. He barely knows how to act out in public, yet he has good learnin' on things, mostly revolving around magic. I rolled my claw at him, motioning to continue.

“Despite popular belief, chromatic and metallic aren't always evil and good respectively.” Well, I'd debate that with you for hours boy. “That was based on the most common encounters in history. Recent accounts have been more varied in their outlooks.”

Eh, perhaps. I'd still argue, but that's not the point of this conversation. “How about the relationship between kobolds and dragons? You did mention we tend to worship 'em.”

“Umm... not too much past that.” Pup scratched the back of his head. “Though I've heard most kobolds serve selflessly to the dragons.”

I clapped my claws to applaud him.“Not bad Pup, not bad. You're not far off. Kobolds do everything their dragon masters desires. Without question. And they'll always do it with a smile on their snouts.”

“Is that why you need the money? For your dragon lord?” I let out a harsh bark of laughter. Yeah, serve a dragon, me, that's a good one. I haven't been around a dragon in a decade and I wish to continue that trend. There is no way in all the hells that I would ever be caught dead around one of those foul behemoths. Not again.

Pup stared at me in confusion. Right, he wouldn't know. With a sigh, I gave him a reassuring smirk. “Nah Pup, the money's for me. Dragons and I had a little falling out.” And we'll leave it at that for now.

“Why?” Of course he was going to ask that. Why the hells wouldn't he? Pup's too inquisitive for his own good. And my patience. Sorry lad, you ain't getting an answer this time. Not the real answer anyway.

“Simple. Why bother servin' a dragon when you can be the dragon?” Okay, technically not the wrong reason actually. Sure, minor... major details are missing but-

“YOU'RE GONNA BECOME A DRAGON!?!?” Pup's explosive outburst rattled even the thoughts out of my head. He stared at me like a child beholding a glorious bounty on Bellmas morning. Those wide golden eyes of his glittered with jovial wonder. Did he seriously believe that I-

“Pup... I didn't mean that liter-”

“Kobolds become dragons when they get money!?”

“N-n-no kobolds don't-”

“So that's why dragons have hoards of treasure!!”

“No, that's not-”

“Without treasure, dragons turn back to kobolds! It makes sense!!”

The boy kept firing off incorrect assumptions, one after another. He was going off faster and faster with each passing, dumb thought his brain generated. It became impossible to even utter a single syllable between his whooping. Kobolds can't become dragons. Who the shite would believe something like that? Not without some sort of divine intervention. Even then, I would believe the gods would entertain the thought. At least, unless they were piss wasted.

I meant this all in a figurative sense. Y'know, become rich enough to have the financial strength of a dragon? Yes, I want the hoard of a dragon. Coin. Jewels. Fine Treasures. I want it all. All that money would make me somebody. Someone with power. Someone with respect. Someone with absolute control of her own life. Money would make me more than just a scrapping kobold on the streets.

“I get to help you become a dragon!!” Oh right, he was still going on and on. I had zoned out with what I wanted to clarify with him. He was so excited with this idea of me becoming a literal dragon that he didn't even notice I stopped listening to him. His humie mouth flapped incessantly with incoherent, yet energetic nonsense. That lively, yet misguided, joy was strangely heartwarming. At least enough to catch myself smiling at his innocent stupidity.

I couldn't bring myself to snuff his wonderment out. With a light sigh, I had to let the boy have his fantasy. It would also probably make him work harder if he thought he was working for a dragon to be. “Yes Pup, you'll help me become a dragon.” 

“Amazing! I'll work really hard for you Scrapper!” Yes, you definitely will. You will be a great asset to me. You'll have to be.

“I'm counting on you Pup.” I long yawn escaped my maw. Pup still looked wide awake. Gods, I don't know how he still has the energy to stay awake. I danced with death and he samba'd with mana... death... I think. Regardless, it's been a long, long day and I want to rest my head. “Try to get some sleep lad. We have a lot a work to do.”

“Ok...” He sounded slightly defeated. I bet he wanted to keep talking. We'll have plenty of time to talk in our newfound partnership in the days to come. “Good night Scrapper.”

Huh, that was the first time someone ever wished me a good night. I liked the sound of it. “Sleep well Pup.”

<-0->

Stray beams of sunlight leaked through the cracks of the rubble wall. Every day, the sun would always rise perfectly to slowly let the light pour into my crumbling domicile. This always acted as my natural alarm clock... except when the weather was shite. Thankfully the weather finally cleared up so my clock was properly wound. The sun's golden brushstrokes wicked their way to my eyes, rousing me from my slumber.

I groaned lazily. My body felt incredibly stiff and sluggish... which is odd. Once the cobwebs of sleep were cleared from my mind, it definitely felt like I had a fantastic sleep. Maybe I just slept weird, this bedroll was barely anything beyond a sheet on the floor now.

Glancing over to the other bedroll, I noticed Pup was missing. Hmm, seems the boy is an early riser. Good, he's not a sloth of a humie. Sign of a real go-getter.

“Pup... you around?” I called out to see if Pup was still around. Silence was my only answer. Guess he's outside doing... whatever. Maybe that strange dance I saw him do yesterday.

No matter, I had to get my arse up. With a strained groan, I forced myself to my feet. Dammit, my body really is stiff. It was like trying to get rusty cranks and gears of an ancient drawbridge to turn, even at the slowest speed. Wow, I really should get a new bedroll... and probably one for Pup as well. He would have to feel as awful as I did.

My body popped and snapped as I stretched out my sore limbs. It was like a pit of roasting chestnuts with how much my body screamed out with each drastic movement I made. I had never been this bad in the morning. Guessing this is what happens after taking dramatic injuries and having them forcibly healed. Against my better judgment, I continued to do the stretch dance to limber up. It took awhile, but my body was starting to loosen up. At least, the popping joints was starting to get less frequent with my movements. Though... I noticed something else was odd once my body stopped resisting me...

“Did everything shrink?” Seriously, everything seemed... slightly lower to the ground. I wildly scanned the room. Yes, everything does seem lower to the ground. The chairs, tables, the hearth, everything feels around a half foot shorter. Or... that I... got taller?

I looked down at myself. Immediately, I noticed the coloration of my scales were off. Instead of the faint, pale green I was familiar with, my shaded scales took on much more fuller, healthier forest green hue. What the rut is happening to me!?

Panicked, I rushed to the only mirror substitute I had here, the rainwater pit. In the rippling surface of the water, I saw a completely unfamiliar kobold. A kobold with smooth, gleaming emerald scales. Even the pale underbelly had a beautiful sheen to it. Amber eyes lacked glassy haze and had much sharper focus to them. Spindly limbs replaced with strong, lean muscle that flexed and twitched with newfound power. Fringes were fuller and nary a sign of broken cartilage. Even the stubby horns, full with nary a chip or nick to them.

This kobold was gorgeous, fit, and healthy. Completely not the malnourished, scrapping 'bold I remember and have seen hundreds of before. I touched my stomach and the reflection did the same. This new being was me... I was this specimen of perfect kobold health.

“What in the hells was in that venison?” How did I get this way? What actually made me have this transformation? And... honestly why the hells should I care?

I was a brand new 'bold... and I felt absolutely WON-DER-FUL~

Current Funds:

Total:
44 Trinity Copper
1 Trinity Silver
 
Allies:
Jayce "Pup" Marduul
-Human Mage
