Chapter Seven: Weird Science

Kobolds have this idiotic belief that we're descended from dragons. We're not. We're just not. Sure, we look like adorable, portable sized dragons... just without the wings, elemental breaths, warm blood, nigh impenetrable scales, manipulative charisma, vast grasp of economics, I could go on. We 'bolds just aren't that special. All just because we have some similar features means little. Hell, I could argue kobolds are descended from lizardfolk. We can look like their children in certain lights!

What fuels this inane notion is the weird, drastic differences of how kobolds grow. Most 'bolds everyone are familiar with are the spindly, waist-high skinks that many can snap in two over the knee. These kind became so common that everyone, even my own kin, just assumed that this is what we're supposed to be like. Thing is, it's not.

Our culture became a “live fast, die hard” way of life. Reckless as we plunged underground through anything our tools would dig through. Sleepless days spent spelunking for precious gems with almost obsessive devotion. 'Bolds would forget to eat, drink, or even take a break if they were following a hunch on a great vein. Even if that gut feeling was completely off. We would starve, grow delirious, and deteriorate was we continued to search for shinies. Add a dragon overlord and this self-destructive behavior was increased tenfold. Undernourishment and endless, dedicated toil drove 'bolds to die by their thirtieth year.

Yet, once in a while, you get a kobold that defies expectation. At least misguided expectation. Sometimes, one will tower over the rest... well, as much as a four falm high 'bold can tower. These tall folk also aren't as twig like either. No, these kobolds not only have the height, they have the muscle. Everyone thought these pillars of kobold perfection had dragon blood in 'em. The draconic blood fueled this glorious development in these select members of our tribes. Soon, they'd be lifted into positions of power as everyone else would bend over for them. Yep, these were demigods among 'bolds and the chosen ones from our divine dragon deities.

NO THEY RUTTING AREN'T!! These “select” kobolds just lived healthier lives. They were the craftier ones. They were the ones who were successful in finding the shinies. With luck on their side, these 'bolds could hunt down fruitful gem veins and have a profitable haul within a reasonable day of work. Efficient work rewarded more food, enough to resemble proper nutrition. Who would've thought that proper eatin' and a sane work environment won't stunt your growth?

But nope, it was dragons. Granted, I once believed this back when I lived in the tunnels. Back before I left that life behind.

Before I became Scrapper.

<-O->

“What the hells did you do to me!?”

I found Pup doing his queer dance outside our beautiful rubble home. He seemed to be content in whatever morning ritual he has and probably has been comfortably doing this for an hour or so. Me? Let's see, I had the shock of having a completely new body to get over. Then, I had to refashion my roughspun clothes that no longer fit right. So now I look like a fifth-rate courtesan. Wonderful. Oh, and let's not discuss how now I'm unable to fit through the duct anymore. 

Through what took over an hour, I mulled over what could've triggered this change. This definitely wasn't kobold puberty, already past that age. I also ruled out the food from last night. As much as a great, full meal tasted, I know a single one wouldn't cause a rapid transformation. Unless the food was magic, but I'm sure I would've tasted that. That's when it hit me: magic. I was exposed to magic, but not by glorious venison. I was magically healed but I don't know what was involved. Yes, it all makes sense...

This was Pup's fault.

“Oh, mornin' Scrapper!” Looks like the little shite was gonna ignore that accusation. Or was blissfully unaware of it. Well, if I'm to be greeted that warmly, mornings will be rather nice. However, that warm smile quickly faded as confusion set in. “Um... did you get taller?” Surprised height was the first to be noted. Figured the healthier scale coloring would be more obvious.

“A lot more than just that lad.” I just realized I now barely reached his chest. Used to only reach his navel. Poor kid needs to do some more growin'. Whatever, I had claws to point. “What did you do to me!?”

“W-what do you mean? I didn't do anything!” Intentionally, probably not. But boy did you botch your spell casting.

“When you healed me, what did you do!?”

“I... healed you.” Something was not clicking with the lad and that was pushing what little patience I did have.

I'm not too well versed with magic, but I do know some of the basics. It came down to what was done. “With what spells?”

“Oh... I used third tier healing. I'm not that great at healing type spells, but I'm sure I didn't do anything wrong in the casting.” The boy knows up to third tier healing? Not entirely sure what that means, but it at least sounds nifty and powerful. Impressive, even if claims to not be skilled at it. Still doesn't add up though.

“Wouldn't misfiring cause either harm or just nothing?” The boy nodded. Huzzah, at least I was right in that regard. A misfire wouldn't cause growth...

“Maybe it's the coin!” I cocked my brow at Pup's explosive declaration. What did coin have to do with growth? “You might be starting to become a dragon already!” 

Oh right, I forgot. This fool thinks I'll become a dragon with money... and I stupidly agreed to feed into that silly notion.

“I don't think we have enough to start that yet.” Why not feed into it some more? Pup pouted, probably feeling a bit deflated that I'm not morphing yet. Though something he did had to incite this growth. Maybe something other than curative magic? “Did you cast anything else besides healing?"

The boy shook his head. "Nothing that would affect you. Just severe wound level healing and detect life."

He did cast another spell. Though... what does detect life do? Looks like my confusion was pretty obvious, even for this boy.

"Detect life is used to seek out any nearby living creatures." I don't see how that would affect this sudden growth spurt at all. What else could've set this off? "Oh, and it can also gauge the quality of health in a living creature."

"Why would you need to do that?"

"So I would know when I've healed you back to perfect health." Perfect health... that's when it clicked with me. I stared at him silently as the pieces were finally falling into place. Seems the blank expression was enough to make him fidgit. "D-did I do something wrong?"

He didn't screw up in the procedure. His spell was gauging what should be perfect for me. It looks like it didn't take into consideration that my growth was stunted from malnourishment. Hells it even took injuries into the fold as I noticed old scars were missing. Even if the spell could tell what was fine for me based on my actual state, Pup wouldn't know because he hadn't even seen a 'bold before.

I heaved a heavy sigh. What a headache. The boy essentially overhealed me. Even if I wanted to, I can't be mad at him in the slightest either. Reckless as it was, Pup only did what he thought was right and probably was taught what to do.

I finally spoke. "Nah, all you did was a wonderful mistake."

"That still sounds bad."

"Don't think too hard about it."

Pup was silent for a bit, probably trying to process if he was in trouble or not. Seems the idea of accidently doing a good thing is lost on him. I watched him fumble with thoughts as he kept stealing glances at me only to turn away meekly. Was he checking me out or just still feeling like I was mad at him?

"Well... you look great... if that helps things..." Looks like he WAS checking me out. A devious response popped into mind that was too good to let go.

"Boy, I look fantastic!" I had to give him some sass. Complete with the hands on hip jut. Despite the trauma of essentially having a brand new body, I was warming up to it really quickly. It was the epitome of beauty for a kobold (by our standards) that even the dimmest of my kin aspired to be. Not sure if Pup could appreciate it, but I could give less of a shite of his opinion. Now that I had it, I was allowed to be vain and flaunt it.

Speaking of appearances, I had to check out Pup. No, not in that manner. He too had been on the brink of death the day prior and looked like a ghoul.

Looks like he made a complete recovery as well. While not having a body change, he was back to that exotic flair I had first seen him. His skin shone with that vibrant caramel gold hue once again. The raven black hair looked silky smooth, though it still needed a trim. Eh, he ain't a bad looking humie. Just needs to grow a little, he still is short like a child.

I'll throw him a bone. "You look great too." 

"Girl, I uh.. look fantastic!" He awkwardly mimicked my sass like it was supposed to be a common practice around Tham. He even imitated the hip and hands gesture that no man should ever do. Ever.

I burst out in laughter at the sight. Hard and loud. Even more boisterous than the bedroll assault. His eyes widened in shock while his face immediately flared with embarrassment. With haphazard hand waves, the boy scrambled to recover and make sense of what was going on. He babbled like a moron with whatever words I didn't bother to hear.

"Boy... never... do that... again." I choked out between breathless joy. "You can't... do... sass."

<-O->

I didn't want to risk any craziness yet, not without getting used to my own body. Sure, it was quickly growing on me, but the metaphorical cogs were not turning smoothly. Despite the magical change, it seems to have not affected my mind. It still remembers the old body, for better or worse. Mostly worse.

My balance was the biggest issue. My mind was still tuned to the barely three falm twig of a 'bold. Adding both the extra falm and lean muscle to the mix threw off my motor skills something fierce. Mind you, I'm still moving quite well but it's been a much more conscious effort. Like having to think about breathing in order to do it.

"You ok Scrapper?" Looks like Pup caught me failing my own queer exercises. Leave it to the master of fey dancing to notice strained movements.

"Eh, I will be. Getting the hang of my new body." 

"Don't strain yourself too hard. Take things slow and small movements. Like this." He balled his gloved fists and slowly extended his arms forward. Gracefully and methodically, he waved his arms outward to full wingspan. He slowly brought them back to his torso and repeated the cycle. Complementing the arm movements, he would move a leg very similarly and switch legs when the motion would repeat.

I copied him. The arm thing wasn't the hardest bit, but figuring out the balance on one stationary leg was a bitch. I adjusted how I held my new tail to varying heights and extensions to find that sweet spot of counterweight. Slowly, I started to work towards pinpointing that new center of gravity. Just give me a bit and I'll nail it.

"I'll give it to you Pup. You got this dance thing down well." I was rather impressed with his knowledge of physical balance. The young lad was smart in certain fields.

A slight chuckle came from him. "It's not a dance, they're an exercise for martial arts."

"What does a mage need martial training for? Can't you just blow up shite with magic?"

"Magic does require a healthy mage to become stronger. A physically weak mage won't survive his own spellcasting." He said that with such authority. With that confidence,  I figured he must have been training like this for at least half his life. "You saw that with mana depletion."

So much that I don't know. I prided myself on knowing how to survive on my own. I learned to speak and read Trade. It was necessary to communicate to the dommies. I learned the laws of this city. Those were necessary to keep my hide out of trouble. I learned the basics of economics. Can't make coin without them. Sure, I ain't no mage, but now that I consort with one, I needed to learn about magic. Fast.

"Talk to me Pup." I grunted through my movements as I started to push my body further with these exercises. I needed to keep my mind occupied so that movement can return to a natural act. "Tell more how magic works."

"Um, ok." Why the hells do you sound unsure, it's another time where you get to be top dog. Those chances will dry up fast. "So for most people, "magic" is a general word for the three classes of spellcasting: Blessings, Incantations, and then actual Magic.

"Blessings are what clerics, paladins, and any other being following a higher power use. Really, Blessings are channeling the powers from the source of worship through the follower. So the power is made from how much the follower is given by their source. 

"Incantations is essentially artificial Magic. Wizards, tomes and scrolls use this type. Similar in idea of Blessings, Incantations are procedures to collect and process elements to produce a spell. This field requires intense study and pinpoint accuracy to do correctly. Unlike actual Magic, Incantations leave very little room for mistakes."

By process of elimination, I had to chime in. "So you use actual Magic?" He nodded. "What makes that special?"

Pup approached me, pulled off his odd, almost fingerless gloves, and held out his wrist. "Actual Magic is organic, a natural product of a gifted person." Having me focus on his wrist, he pointed to a faint, blue vein. He mentioned that all mortal creature would have this kind of vein. It was how blood ran through their bodies.

Then he pointed to the vein next to it. It was a bit of a lighter shade of blue that I swore had a tiny glow to it. He said that only gifted creatures would have these veins. This is where mana flowed through their bodies.

"So... mana is mage blood?"

"Pretty much." Well, it started to make sense on why he almost died yesterday. Rampant spellcasting for mages was akin to taking grievous wounds.

He continued to explain. "Spellcasting is caused when we release mana from our bodies and merge it with an element. It's hard to put into words, though I can best describe it as breathing through the flesh."

I raised a brow. "So you spew mana from your body? Like, sneeze out through your skin? Gross."

"It... it does sound a bit disgusting when you think about it... It doesn't LOOK gross though."

"I was joking Pup. Anyway, continue."

"Ok. So mana naturally wants to bond with an element. Mages use catalysts to bond to, like a bucket of water or a torch. How easily an element bonds depends on the mage's polarity. Basically polarity varies from mage to mage and dictates what element they excel in. For me, I'm best with fire."

So, that explains his choice of spells. "So having a polarity in fire makes you better at it?"

Pup's eyes lit up. "Yeah! You got it! It takes me less mana and fire catalyst to create a spell than a water mage casting the same spell."

"So like you use a spark and he'll need a full torch?"

"Exactly!!" His enthusiasm keeps growing and growing alongside my understanding. "I use these to make my catalyst."

He showed me his hands again, this time focusing on the strange gloves he wore. They were leather gloves, fingerless except for the thumb and middle finger. Then I noticed solid plates on digits. The thumbs had a flint plate attached to the pad while the middle fingers had a steel plate.

"These are snappers, standard for fire mages. All I need to do is snap my fingers to get my catalyst."

So that was that tinge I would hear before fire appeared. Kid would always be ready to defend with spells no matter what. If his martial training was up to snuff, he could be always ready whenever trouble was brewing. My decision to keep him around was looking promising.

"Looks like you're a one humie army." I gave him a prideful smirk. He could use some ego boosting. "Impressive."

"Um... not quite..." His elation seemed to snuff out instantaneously. Did I say something wrong? His gaze dropped to the ground. Silence hung as he absent mindedly kicked loose pebbles. "My spells are still... rough..."

I shrugged. That's it? Kid, I don't expect you to be a master at this stuff at your age. I'm impatient, but not unrealistic. "You're still young Pup. I'm sure you're still learning. You'll figure it out."

"I... I hope so." That mumbling did not inspire confidence. His bipolar induced sour mood was bringing me down. With a claw, I reached for his soft face and squeezed his mouth. The marvel of being able to reach so easily was not lost on me.

"Chin up boy. You won't get anywhere with that attitude." I smushed his face to force a smile on his lips. I need him to be in good spirits to be useful to me.

"Yeff mum..." He managed to say through my vice grip. I released him when I was satisfied with his response.

"Good boy." His mood swings were worse than a dwarven woman's. Please don't tell me I need to keep watch on that too. Is he worth the trouble of adolescent rearing? Probably not. 

Well, now that I knew what Pup can do, I started to reassess my plans. He has his worth as a weapon. He definitely needs some tempering, but his raw power is definitely a boon. He could serve as a bodyguard as well as deflection. I could be his "pet" when need be. And I just retched at admitting that.

Whatever, if he becomes too much trouble, I'll just dump him aside. Cruel, but that's life. For now, I'll be fair and give him the chance to prove himself.

As for me, I essentially have a new identity with this body. I wonder if anyone would recognize me beside Pup? I wonder if...

!?

A daring thought just exploded in my mind. A deliciously daring thought that I would never entertain in my old body. Oh... oh oh oh oh~ Brave and bold Scrapper... very risky.

Very profitable if I can make it work.

"Pup, get yourself ready." My voice could barely contain my own excitement. I felt my maw salivating as wild thoughts raced through my mind. Golden thoughts sprinkled with silver fancies and copper daliances. "We're going on an adventure."

Pup had no clue what was going on in my mind. Nay, nor would he understand without experiencing it. To him, I must have looked like I snapped. 

"Wh-where to?" Yup, even his voice was tinged with a nervous stammer. Don't worry, it's nowhere too dangerous. Just where lesser beings fear to tread. 

I deviously lapped my tongue around my mouth. "The outer core my dear Pup."


Current Funds:
 
Total:
44 Trinity Copper
1 Trinity Silver
 
Allies:
Jayce "Pup" Marduul
-Human Mage