Chapter Eight: Safety Dance

If you were anyone worth a damn in Tham, chances are that you live and do business in the outer core of the city. The true value of Tham as a trading hub occurs here. The outer core is divided into eight, even slices, following in the geometric trend this settlement adheres to. Each district presumably served a specific purpose for the ancient religion but any evidence of what was completely lost to the rebuild that engulfed the area.

Now, the core follows themed slices that are based on four ruling families that hold financial dominance over everyone else. Sure, there are numerous other nobles of worth, but if you do anything in the outer core, you ultimately answer to one of these four families after paying your taxes to the Trinity. Each family has a dedicated residence district and whatever their chosen business district. They get along well on the surface, but gossip does speak of more strained and shadier relationships underneath.

The Korvat Family is a Dwarven family that controls the masonry themed businesses while dabbling in metallurgy and precious gems. Their district focuses on the production of construction materials with a side of weapons, gear, and jewelry. Their fortune was definitely built upon the reconstruction of Tham. It is claimed they were the first family to settle the city and it shows as they do have the greatest wealth of all the families. Their lord serves a seat on the Trinity.

The Siannodel Family is an Elven family that has a hold on flora and fauna related trade. Their masterful practices in hunting and agriculture provided the very first businesses that supplied food, medicine, and clothing for the Korvats. and the new settlers that started to arrive. The Elven Lord also serves a seat on the Trinity.

The Gor'Thak Family is an Orc family that settled in much later in the history of Tham's revival. Hailing from a time after the unification of this regions tribes, the Gor'Thaks provided the military might Tham needed for protection once the city started to garner intercontinental attention. Although the Korvats had a hold of the metallurgy businesses, it was known that Orcs had much better techniques in the production of weaponry. The Gor'Thaks built a modest fortune with a partnership with the Dwarves, but really made headway in their military practices. Their lord serves the final seat on the Trinity with members in leadership roles of the military and law enforcement.

The last family is the Lassiter Family. Representing the Humans, the Lassiters made their fortune establishing the final thing missing for Tham: entertainment. Sure, it's not a necessity but it was a venture that wasn't truly capitalized by the other families at the time. So, the Lassiters struck gold in providing the theaters, concert halls, and the other luxuries that allowed others to escape the monotonous drudge of life. Although their family does not hold a seat in the Trinity, their fortune has been quickly growing despite having the shortest history in the city. If they maintain this pace, the Lassiters will overtake the other families in wealth alone.

As for me, I had once tried to lurk around the Lassiter districts for coin a couple of years ago. Sneaking past the legionnaires was tricky, but not impossible. If I had been caught by them, I would've been thrown out... well, probably executed actually. The guards were especially watchful for unwanted vermin at the outer core. Unlike the layers, guards here were charged to keep out beggars and riff-raff without question. Their no tolerance policy here dissuaded me from trying to bust into the area again, but it wasn't the penultimate reason I had been wary. 

No... here was where I stumbled upon Relius. One accident that bungled some deal he was making was all it took to earn his undying wrath. Ever since, I've steered clear of the outer core and Relius.

Well, up until today...

<-O->

I've decided to prowl the Theater District for a multitude of reasons. First was the traffic, this place was always active with the businesses never closing. Regardless of the hour, there was always something to do here unlike the other district. You had stage plays, marionettes, musical performances, oration, and so on. Once the sun set, you got your more racier shows: cabaret, burlesque, striptease. Hells, I've heard there are whorehouses 'round here as well. Wonder if I should destroy Pup's innocent mind here... Eh, maybe when he's older.
 
Second was some personal redemption. Self-explanatory here. I suffered a humiliating defeat served personally by Relius. With his gang getting another one up on me and the word that I'm still in the city, Relius should be fuming. Why not rub salt in his wound and make something of myself here? I would count a success here as a victory in my book. If I did succeed, the payout would dwarf all I've done thus far. 

Finally, the Theater District was lax on impromptu businesses and performances compared to the others. You didn't need a license here and as long as you didn't disrupt the peace, you were golden. Pup and I don't even have citizenship papers, so a business license is out of the question. So, we'll try a performance. I figured I could get Pup to do some sort of magic show to wow the people.

Speaking of Pup, that boy was a gods send. We were just able to stroll through the gate very little trouble. The boy was able to stick to the pet story much better than at the Dripping Priest. He still didn't like the excuse, bless him. Probably also helped that the two of us looked a step above street rats with our healthier complexions.

“Alright Pup!” I sang out, feeling pretty damn good about how the day was progressing. I've been teaching Pup what I know about this city on the way here. He was gonna need every bit of wisdom I had to offer if he was going to be of use to me. Let's see if he was actually paying attention. “Quiz time! Who controls this district?”

“Um... well this is the Theater District...” I watched his head bob as he was systematically going through the steps to get the answer. “The human noble family, the Lassiters.”

A proud smirk crossed my snout. “Good boy, you were listening.” Relief backed up that pride, Pup really was willing to learn everything I had to teach him. It's a chore, but his agreeable cooperation definitely made things easier and worth the effort.

“This place is amazing.” He gawked in awe as we ventured into the center plaza. Pup wasn't wrong, the Theater District is a marvel of architecture that not even the fresh construction of the first layer could touch. 

Everything had this interesting, almost seamless blending of a variety of racial construction designs. Dwarven metals were forged with the organic shapes of Elven design mixed with the symmetrical stability of Orc discipline. The gardening represented the care of some of the middle races as I noticed Gnomish jovial pruning techniques on the shrubbery and Slyph vibrant floral arrangement. Sitting in the center of the plaza was probably the only actual human designed object, a grand marble fountain with the statue of the founding lord of the Lassiters pouring pristine water from his hands. Humans certainly adored their cross-species fetish and had to inject it everywhere. Hells, if any racial equality bleeding heart needed an example of harmony, this district was it. 

Everything was very carefully designed with all these racial practices. What should be a garish mesh of clashing art just blended so well together. To the untrained eye, one would think this was just the epitome of human design. I just know this shite from eavesdropped lessons at school halls, don't mistake me as a connoisseur of landscaping and construction. Still, even I can appreciate this achievement.

"I've never seen any place like this." Pup was still entranced with the district. He spun around to drink up as much of the view as he could.

"This is what money can get you Pup." I had to wonder how much coin the Lassiters sunk into the development of this district. Which then turned to how much money this place pulls in...

"Money... Would you want something like this Scrapper?" Huh... now that's a thought. If I had the money, I could own something like this... 

"I... actually never thought of having a district." It's true, I only thought of just owning the coin. Just a horde of treasure to behold everyday. Though it would just sit there like art on display. That's the kind of thing a gluttonous dragon would do. And that makes my stomach lurch.

Though owning a business... Bouncing the idea around was starting to tickle my mind. Sure, hefty investment, but if I run it right, it would be like smelting my own coin. Which means much, much more riches flowing into my ledger than just doing odd jobs. 

Plus it definitely would piss off people to see me playing the game and winning. Lady Scrapper, Kobold Tycoon.

"Not a bad idea Pup." He responded with his beaming, boyish smile. Yes, drink up that praise, you've earned it. "I'll think more into it. Though our immediate plans don't change. We still need to earn the chump change to use as start up capital."

"Start up capital..." Pup repeated the words thoughtfully. "That would be money we use to start a business... right?"

He figured that out on his own! Pup is such a fast learner. I'm kinda proud of him... though I ain't telling that to his face.

"Yup, that's what we gonna get today." I held up the old cleaning bucket that I brought along with us. "Yer gonna wow the people here and we'll collect our tips in this."

Pup looked puzzled. "How am I going to wow people?"

"Do some sort of magic display or some shite. Show these folk something they rarely see." Mages aren't that common, I'm sure the nobles would wet themselves at a boy who can create blazes with his hands.

"Urm... not sure if magic is a good idea... kinda dangerous." I shot a venomous glare for his insubordination. The boy flinched, waving his arms in protest. "I-I-I told you my magic is rough! I will end up hurting someone!!"

I let out a low groan. The sad thing is that I believe him. Or at least the risk of him setting someone on fire is not worth a beheading. So... what could we do? I don't have any marketable talents. Legal ones that is. Pup is a idiot fish out of water, all he knows is magic and his outdated tribal upraising. Probably should've thought this out better.

"There... there is something I can do though..." I barely shifted my gaze to him. Well, I have no better ideas so may as well let him try. I just motioned him to give it a go. This better be good. 

Pup removed the bead necklaces he wore and bunched them around his wrists. With some quick shakes, he let his new impromptu arm bands give off a rather pleasant rattle. I have no clue what he was intending to do, but color me intrigued.

The boy strolled into the plaza, finding himself a rather nice spot in front of the fountain. Whatever he was gonna do, he had the perfect stage for the travelers to observe. He gave a few more experimental shakes of his arms before striking some fey pose. The hells are you doing boy?

"YAH-YAH-YAH-YAH!" He whooped wildly before erupting into... some sort of seizure? The strange yelling certainly slashed through the comfortable haze of white noise. I noticed that every noble and adventurer turned their heads to the strange exotic boy singing in tongues and flailing like a mad man.

I slapped my hand to my face. Shame and dread blanketed me in their heavy veil as I was responsible for unleashing this psychopath in public. Wonderful. My new identity now tarnished as "the lizard lady with the possessed child." The thoughts and embarrassment were unbearable. Maybe I could slip away unnoticed and leave him to deal with the legionnaires.

Though, just as I was about to pack up and bail, I noticed more people were drawn in to Pup's outburst. I was expecting them to be looking on with disgust or horror, but not a single face I could see bore anything close. Instead, I found curious eyes shining with awe at whatever Pup was doing. Onlookers were even beginning to clap rhythmically to the madness. Whaaaaat? Just what is actually going on?

My gaze turned back to Pup, seemingly lost in his own act. After moving past the bizarre shouting he started with, I focused on what he was actually doing. The flailing actually had flow, very similar to his martial training exercises. Arms swam through the currents of air while his feet stamped the earth with purpose. Though this form was much faster than his calmer practices. This was full of life and gusto. The motions of his arms caused the beads to shake, rattle, and roll with a vigorous percussion that complimented his dance.

Dance? Dance! The boy was dancing! How did I not notice this before? Sure, I can't dance, but I should be able to know when someone was. Not only that, he sang too. Though unintelligible, the words of his native tongue wove seamlessly together with the rattle of beads and soft pounding of his feet. The three melodies complimented each other in this outlandish tribal performance. It was raw yet elegant. The wild rhythm and graceful moves worked together in this amazing harmony. Judging on how similar my face felt to how the others looked, nobody has seen anything like this before...

And it was an absolute spectacle. Who knew Pup was musically talented? His voice, though I still haven't a sodding clue what he was singing, was wonderfully invigorating. The others seem to agree. More and more onlookers joined the flock. The clapping grew more intense with cheering sprinkled on. Hells, people were even trying to imitate Pup. If this excitement keeps up, I should be able to-

"Scrapper let's go!" While lost in my reverie, Pup managed to sneak up on me during his performance. Unable to utter a single word, the boy took me by the arm and pulled me back to his center stage. My mind could barely keep up as I was dragged with him. I felt the bucket flee from my hands and that was pretty much all I could be certain of. Pup kept dancing and singing in our little travel. When my bewildered brain figured out everything going on, it started to dawn on me on what he wanted. My entire being was engulfed with dread.

"Pup! Waitwaitwait!!!" I cried pitifully. "I can't dance!!!" The roaring jubilation drowned out my protest. I could never dance, not in my old body and sure as hells not in this one. Pup was lost in his performance, unaware of the terror that masked my face. Nor could he noticed that I just flailed weightlessly in the swinging waves of the dance.

Shite, shite, shite, shite, SHITE! I going to rutting kill him!! I can't do this at all!! I can't...

Then one look at his face shut my mental bitching right up. Pup was completely absorbed in all of this, lost to whatever high he was on. Maybe this was the first time he got such attention. The audience was eating this up, even with the limp kobold holding on for her dear life. I could tell Pup was having the time of his life. Hope it doesn't go to his head. Well, it would go to mine if I were him.

For some strange reason, I felt my pride slice through the shame. Something in me refused to let this pathetic display rule me. Pride wanted me to dance. Logic thinks that pride is more than a little touched in the head. I'm not listening to logic.

Sod it, let's see if I can make this work. Pup wouldn't let go of my hands, but I'm silently grateful that I have that anchor. I waited until I found a slower lull in his beat to get my feet planted back on the ground. Thankfully I was able to track his rhythm. Performing it was a different story.

I started with the foot stamping. Watching Pup, I noted the pattern he was doing. Left, left, right, left, right, right, repeat. Once I got that down, I waited for the loop to restart before trying myself. Please don't let go.

Left, left... right, left... right, right. A bit off tempo, but I think I'm getting it. I could be a little less stiff with the dance, but dammit, effort was there. The crowd seemed to love that I was finally getting into the dance. Their cheering grew even louder, probably to the point that you can hear it clearly from outside the district. The applause was swelling... because I joined in. 

That thought alone sent my ego reeling. For the first time, I had overwhelming attention that wasn't a call to lynch me. Sure, I'm essentially just a dancing mook for these people, but at least they were enjoying it. Though I had to wonder if that is still a blow to my dignity. Nah. I'll take what positive scraps I can for now.

I stopped caring about hollow praise when I turned my attention to Pup. He was in heaven. Just from vibe alone, his aura was like a brilliant star. I was curious on what was going through his head. What was he gaining from all this that drove him to ecstasy? Was he happy that I started to take the dance seriously? Dunno, though some bit of me burrowed in this cynical 'bold hoped so.

Pup seemed to adjust his pace just enough for me to follow without compromising the audience's excitement. He was able to guide me through the steps of his dance without words. Subtle movements of his own gestures incited the matching move from me. Hells, I was able to even start matching his tempo. I was his puppet in this wild dance and at the mercy of his control...

Normally, I would freak out at this loss of power, even in tiny things like this. Insecure? Totally, but I'd never admit that out loud. In any other case, I would claw Pup's face off without hesitation. But now... I getting swept up in this cacophony of emotion.

My heart was racing with the flow of this dance. With every twirled, my body swelled with such an uprising of feeling. My mind was going pleasantly numb. Every little bit of bitching and cynicism the darker parts of my brain could conjure were silenced effectively. All there was is this comfortable buzz of Pup's alien song and applause. This was like the other night, only cranked up several levels. 

Even if this is just a fleeting moment, even if I don't understand it, I felt truly alive. In this reverie, even money didn't matter. What blasphemy. Money and treasure was everything to me, to kobolds. No matter how smart one was, shinies equated to elation. Though, now, nary a coin was created this euphoria. Just Pup and I, dancing like fools in front of a crowd of strangers. I wonder if any other kobold ever knew this kind of joy outside of precious treasures. 

Though money is a bit more constant. I could get coin at a regular rate if I work for it. This... this isn't going to be forever. I would always have shinies over moments like this...

Maybe.

Gods know how long our performance went on for. Exhaustion ruled when our finale came and went. Pup definitely knew how to close the performance and terrify the scales off my hide. He had claimed me entirely and tossed me into the air as if I weighed nothing. The boy was strong but I didn't think that strong. Maybe he amplified his strength with magic? 

Whatever, point was that he hurled me without warning. He also put a spin to me which made the whole ordeal worse. I would've screamed, but shock kept whatever noise I wanted to make stuck in my gullet. The aerial tumble made everything slow to a crawl and I saw my pathetic life flash before my eyes. I had no trust in Pup that I would survive this.

Though the exotic mage of surprises kept on delivering. I don't know how, but he had everything nailed down to the point that I fell perfectly into his arms like some bardic tale maiden. I was petrified, staring out bug-eyed at the crowd figuring out how this all worked out fine. Only one thought came to mind.

"You've done this before." I had told him when the audience exploded into their final applause. Pup, winded, just smiled and nodded. His last partner must've been a lucky girl. The crowd went wild for what seemed like for an eternity. My rage and terror for the boy's sudden stunt was quickly washed away by the gargantuan praise. I didn't care anymore. The thunderous cheering and clapping drowned out any caveats I had with Pup's dangerous spontaneity. Being celebrated en masse for the first time was worth the stunning aggravation.

<-O->

My mind and body eventually caught their breaths after the crowd of people finished their cheering and dispersed. I slumped down on my rump and rested against the marble wall of the fountain. Pup dunked his head in the mountain's pristine waters to cool his head off and wash sweat away. Hairless monkey problems. That's a great thing about being a 'bold. I don't have to deal with that disgusting feature. Also, kind of surprised the legionnaires aren't stopping the boy from quickly bathing in the public fountain.

"Pwah!" Pup gulped down a breath of fresh air after pulling his head out of the fountain. With his hair matted down with water, it really shows the difference of how much volume that mop had. "That was fun!"

He said that so casually. I figured it wasn't anything new to him, but everyone, myself included, had their minds blown away.

"So what was that dance about?" It was a tribal dance, it had to have had some larger purpose.  

"Huh? Oh, it's a ceremonial song and dance to celebrate a tribe member's new council... er year alive." Oh, so what normal humies call a "birthday" celebration. Makes sense now. Even if his tribe was tiny, Pup has seen and done it enough for it be typical.

"Well, for everyone else, it was a never before seen spectacle. You saw how wild the crowd was! They were eating from the palm of your hand! You had the whole thing locked down!" I had to comment on his rather skilled performance on it. "Never figured you for a bard."

Pup scratched his nose sheepishly. "Oh, I did?" Yes you did you idiot. "But..  I'm nothing special. I've just been one of the tribe's ceremonial performers when I lived with them. There are others way better than me." Seriously!? Modest or not, that boy definitely had talent. Sure, if it was true someone was better, then he was the Lord of the Dance while Pup was the Prince.

I sighed heavily. "Don't sell yourself short Pup, you were amazing. Hells, even I loved it." Sod it, why not encourage the kid? He earned it. "Take that praise for what it's worth, I don't give it out freely."

"R-really?" His cheeks flared up to match the dopey smile that grew on his lips. "Thanks Scrapper! You were great too! You learned the dance fast!"

"I would've slit your throat for pulling all those stunts with me." I violently snapped back at him. He reeled back in shocked and the color drained from his face. Scared ya huh Pup? Normally, I would live by that threat, buuuuut... not this time. I cleared my throat and let out a sly smirk to show I was messing with him. "However, I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it."

Looks like that made Pup feel better. Or at least caught on to my more "playful" threat. "Hehe, sorry. I just got caught up in my dance. I thought... y'know... it would be fun to have you join me."

He seemed embarrassed to admit that. That scarlet stained his cheeks once again. I think that's the first time someone had fun with a kobold that didn't involve a kicking one around. Well, I sort of WAS kicked around, but not maliciously.

"It was fun Pup." I admitted. He flashed that signature smile of his and all was right in the world. At least for now. "I don't say that every day, but it was... eh?"

"What's the matter Scrapper?"

Something caught my eye mid thought. I saw the bucket I had brought sitting upright a few falms away from us. Oh wow, I totally forgot about that. Surprised it wasn't swiped or trampled to bits. May as well grab it. Would be a waste not to.

"Nah, just remembered the stupid bucket." I lazily got back to my feet. My entire being cried out in agony for over exerting new muscles. Ah deal with it. If I wasn't poor, I wouldn't even bother with it. But no, every little piece of property had value. 

As I approached the bucket, the aged wood container was starting to look more and more peculiar. Something was inside of it. I know it was empty ever since I brought it. What's in it? When I got close enough and the sunlight caught the contents right, my eyes grew so wide that they could've escaped their sockets.

Nestled within was a modest sparkling pile of coin. Not just coppers... there was silver in there. I hadn't even set this thing up as a tip jar, did some people notice I had it? Were people tipping our performance when I wasn't looking? Sod it, I don't care how money got in there.

IT'S MINE!!

I dove for the bucket, lest someone else planned on swiping my new, hard earned treasures. Oh~ it had weight, more weight than I've ever held before in my life. I nuzzled against the bucket full of coin as that familiar tingle started to dance within my flesh.

Oh-hohoho... that sweet embrace of greed was taking hold. I shivered against its filthy touch. It felt like sparks swimming up and down my scales in teasing waves. A purr like growl escaped my throat. Ok, I really need to get a hold of myself, I'm in public. With a shake of my head, I decided that taking stock of what I did earn was the best move. Adding up my profits would keep me focused from losing it over shinies. Least, that's the plan.

I dipped my claw into the pile of coins. Holy shite there's quite a bundle in here. Did they pass this around like a church donation plate? Damn. When I had a satisfactory handful, I felt my greed swelling up again. I had the urge to play with my treasures. I let the coins slip through my fingers. Copper and silver cascaded back into the bucket like a simple waterful. There was even a gold, fish like speck that was caught in the current and...

Wait, what?

I was close to just shoving my face into the bucket to reconfirm what I had just seen. Sitting atop of the shuffled pile was a foreign coin I had never seen. Sure, I've heard tales of this fabled piece of currency, but never had my eyes befell upon one.

Sitting in the bucket was a Trinity Gold piece. Actually, a thorough surface look showed a few more bits of stray gold within the mound of coppers and silvers. Gold. Gold. Gold. Goldgoldgoldgoldgoldgoldgoldgoldgoldgold!!!!

Was I dreaming? If I am, don't wake me up. I'm warning you Pup.

My mind went white. The touch of greed went full rough handling as my weak knees gave out. Ilm by ilm, my body started to betray me and give out to this torturously delicious sensation. Ecstasy went full typhoon as crackling waves swept throughout my very being. Surges of convulsing electricity raced through my veins. I was shaken to my very core, with only the singular thought of shinies running through my fried brain. All the while I swear the jingling of coin sang an angels' symphony.

"Uh... Scrapper... are you ok?" I faintly heard Pup's concerned voice through the haze of profit. "You're drooling..."

Indeed I was, lying there like a drunkard with her maw hanging open in joyous stupor. Some semblance of reality was reaching back to me. I clutched my precious bucket close to my chest. With a lazy gaze, I turned to Pup and smiled.

"Carry me home like a dirty whore."

Current Funds:

+ Performance Earnings (needs evaluation)

Total:
44 Trinity Copper
1 Trinity Silver
 
Allies:
Jayce "Pup" Marduul
-Human Mage
Marketable Talents:
-Tribal Song and Dance