Chapter Nine: One Thing Leads to Another 

The copper, silver, and gold coin structure of currency is both the simplest and most complex system that many of the major nations have adopted throughout the realms. Some civilizations still adhere to their own system as their main currency, but will still accept the three coins as an alternative. The three coins structure was developed to make international trade easier, but some things fell through the cracks when it comes to consistency. Well, more like things fell through canyons.

Practices in the smelting of coin were not standardized from nation to nation. Designs, shape, and sizes varied wildly creating different versions of the same coin. It's like how Trinity coppers were different from Dwarven coppers. Every nation and settlement with an economic structure had their own interpretation of the three coin system. The only thing that still gave these things worth were the metals used. Even then, sometimes things became messy. I've heard tales of scoundrels slipping in other metals into the smelting to pad it out.

When it comes to conversion rates of these pieces, their weights were measured for their worth. To trade one for the other was to figure out how many of the lighter pieces made the weight of the heavier coin. This was a rather humorous way to find out who was a cheap sod in their smelting. Due to its heavier weight, Trinity currency holds the most value per piece worldwide. This is the reason alone why the Trinity coin is spreading as the dominant form used in trade. Some of the nations involved with the heaviest trade have already adopted the Trinity coin as their official currency, but the lesser settlements have yet to make a true switch.

As for the simplistic part to the three coin system, moving up from one metal to another is easy. Some dwarf mathematician figured out the rule of a hundred based on the availability of the metals. Dunno if this is accurate at all, but it became an accepted rule. I don't question it, it just works. As much as dwarves suck rock, they had some idea on metals. Regardless of the varied designs of the coinage, every variant followed this rule.

So a hundred copper pieces equals a silver and a hundred silver makes a gold piece. Simple enough for even a child to understand.

Or Pup for that matter.

<-O->

"Follow me so far?"

"I think so...?"

Pup and I had been going through our spoils as soon as we returned home. I hadn't even left the gentle embrace of his arms before I dumped the bucket of coin on the floor. My treasures clattered and rolled all over excitedly. Like a madman, I scrambled to recover each coin and put them on display to count. Despite wild jubilation running through my mind, I still had the insight to be organized about this. I assorted the coin into designated piles during my count.

We had earned thirty-seven copper, twenty-one silver, and four... FOUR gold pieces. I was in absolute awe of how willing nobles were to throw their money at a scantily clad, underage exotic boy and his equally revealing, well built reptilian pet. Yes, this time I'm fine with posing as a pet because that shite earns coin. I also noted that nobles have some degenerate tastes if we were found appealing.

The initial high of earning such a haul had came and went, but I was still riding that beautiful afterglow. I think I'll be on that sensation for days to come. What a fantastic turn of events for my life. From pauper, to near death vermin, to reborn woman on the way to riches. All thanks to my new money making mage.

Speaking of, Pup seemed unphased by this haul. He just didn't understand my jubilation over this. It wasn't like he didn't care, he truly didn't understand what these coins represented. At least he still genuinely appreciated that I was happy.

"Still not making sense?" I asked after giving him a quick economy lesson. The boy does need to get how this works to survive.

Pup grabbed a silver coin and examined it thoroughly. "No, I think I get how it works. I just don't get why."

"Whaddya mean?" My brow cocked in confusion. Is he used to something else for trade?

"Why not just trade one thing for another? Why the need for coins?" He lazily tossed the silver piece back to the pile. "We would just give one good for the other. Like our farmers would give vegetables for the medicine our apothecaries brewed."

Oooh. Now I get it, he's used to his tribe just helping each other out fairly. Unfortunately...

"The rest of the world doesn't live like your tribe anymore. Money rules everything."

"Yeah... I'm starting to see that.." He seemed disappointed with that revelation. It's hard to tell if he's hanging on to naive idealism or his way of life tapped to enlightenment. Pup keeps straddling this line of absolute genius and boundless stupidity. Either way, seeing him disheartened was rather depressing. It didn't fit him at all. I had the depression veiled in cynicism angle locked down. He's supposed to be my bubbly sidekick.

Thinking quickly, I divided the pile up as evenly as I could. Satisfied with the distribution, I pushed one of the piles to Pup. Yes, I gave myself the remainder.

"Your share. You did good work." I may be selfish as all the hells, but I'm not completely unfair.

"Keep it." He replied automatically. "I have no need for it." My loins twitched excitedly as soon as those words reached my ears.

"Pup, that is the most beautiful thing anyone had ever told me." My heart fluttered as I shuddered with greed tingles. He was just letting me have the entire haul... with no conditions. This boy is after my heart.

He laughed and that smile I'm growing to love was back. "Money's more important to you than me. It's how you'll become a dragon. I wanna help you become one, that's all I need."

Ignoring that idiotic idea yet again, I scoffed at his overly generous nature. "You'll need it to survive in Tham. Don't think people will give you food for dancing."

"They might!" I just glared at him for his ignorance. His bravado crumpled like paper under my death stare. "Ok... maybe you're right."

"You gods damn right I am." Looks like he's starting to learn my mannerisms better. "Besides, I still owe you for mana potions as well as hard work."

"Those went to a good cause." I would not call myself a "good cause." Though, my heart did leap at his admission. "If you want to pay me, then why not just take care of what I do need to survive."

"You sure about that?" He nodded earnestly. Just paying for a little about the bare essentials for his life wouldn't dent this haul for a long while. Decent food is only a couple of silver at most. Clothes are another few silver. I wouldn't even need to touch the gold for him. The greedy side of me was screaming at such a wonderful arrangement. I would barely be cutting into all my revenue to make this child do my every bidding! Such luck has finally come my way!!

...

Then, I felt guilty. Disgustingly so. Guilty because the initial "more for me feeling" wasn't right for him. Had he been any other hired hand, I wouldn't  give two rats arses for ripping him off. Everyone is a mark, a target to use and abuse to squeeze every little bit of worth from.

Pup... it was getting increasingly difficult to see him as just a mark. For him, his desire just to help me succeed was overflowing with childish purity. I was his friend, if I think I understand how humies make 'em. Though the idea of returning that sentiment never crossed my mind. It's only been two days since we met after all. It does feel longer than that, but maybe that's just because we've been together for every hour since. Every minute has been filled with conversation. He would ask questions or do something stupid, I would teach him. I'd poke into what makes him tick from time to time and he would explain. Neither one of us truly shut our traps. Honestly, it hasn't been that bad of a time either.

He's stupid, but compassionate. Extremely so. I felt no qualms about messing with him, but my initial view of him as nothing more than a tool was starting to incite a decaying pit-like feeling in my gut. It was a new sensation for me, but it was making its presence known. Starting to wonder if I'm just enjoying being the leader in our relationship or that I'm seeing him as a friend. 

Wow. That HAS to be a first in kobold history. Kobolds don't have friends, we have coworkers. I'm getting soft... has to be a side affect of the healing. Has to be. 

"Fine." I agreed finally. "Though if you do want anything more, I'm not against thinking about it." That was the best compromise I could make between my greed and my growing... respect, I guess, for him.

Pup's smile grew wider. "Deal!"

"One other condition." I held up a gold coin, the one I had first touched back at the district. Yeah, I kept track of which one it was. "This coin is off limits."

Pup furrowed his brow. "Why?"

"This is the first gold coin I've earned. I'm keeping it as a trophy."  

"Oooooh, that makes sense!" Are you sure Pup? I don't know if you understand the sentiment of achievement trophies. "Can I see it real quick?"

I immediately grew suspicious of him. Maybe paranoid too. Greed has a tight grip on my sanity. "Why?"

"Trust me." I bit my lower lip before giving in. I highly doubt he was up to anything shady. With a lazy sigh, I tossed the coin over to him without a word.

Pup examined the coin before he untied one of the thin, leather cords wrapped around his biceps. Had no idea why he had decorations randomly adorning his arms, but I chalked it up to his tribe's strange fashion sense. 

He ran the cord around the coin several times. Each wrap around went in different directions to form what looked like a star pattern. When the pattern was complete, he tied off the cord at the base against the coin and at the ends of the loose lengths. The whole process was done in a flash and the coin was thrown back to me.

Holding the new product, it clicked with me what he actually did. He turned the coin into an amulet to wear. I wasted no time feeding my head through the space between cords and letting my new piece of jewelry dangle from my neck.

"You're a boy of many strange talents."

"I guess so." He shrugged. "We're taught stuff like this when we're too young for martial training. It doesn't last too long before we begin training as warriors and that becomes the biggest part of our lives."

"Everyone is raised like this? Usually arts and crafts are left to the women."

Pup gave a singular nod. "Yup. No matter who or what you are, if you are able bodied, you undertake the warrior's path." 

Huh, quite different from the usual hunter and gatherer style lesser tribes follow... and the inverse of the kobold way of just gatherers for a larger glutton. Dunno if these Marduul are either very dedicated or very foolish. Leaning towards the latter with a dash of extremism. How the boy doesn't act like an overzealous paladin is beyond me. This just makes Pup's way of life is a very curious thing. Wouldn't want to actually live it, however.

"Not sure how marketable little trinkets like this would be here." I noted as I dangled the coin amulet before my eyes. "People around here would rather go for things made with gems. Unfortunately, I don't have any way to get my claws on some."

Pup just chuckled. "I can't really do much better than your coin. Do you think people would like that?" Not in the slightest.

"Nope!" I scoffed before flopping onto my bedroll. "Looks like were sticking to good ol' fashioned hard work and chores for now. We still need much, much more money, but we're off to a great start."

"Chores? But... but I can do the dance!" True, the dance was incredibly profitable, but we can't just do that everyday.

I couldn't help but chuckle. "Oh silly Pup. You need to learn good showmanship."

"Show... man... ship?"

"Don't overplay yourself." I ain't a bard, but I know enough as an observer to speak to what a good artist does. "If you are doing the same thing over and over, they'll tire of it. The more you do it, the faster they'll stop caring. That means no more money."

"That's bad show man ship right?" Pup has this weird, yet cute way of saying that word. I can't bring myself to correct him. "What's good show man ship then? How do I do good show man ship?"

Keep saying "show man ship," it amuses me. "Leave your audience wanting more until they're begging for it."

"So I... just don't dance until they ask for it?" I nodded in response. It was putting it very basically, but still the general gist of it.

"Until we get the demand for it, we'll have to do what we can to keep money flowing through."

"You have to work a lot for money?" Oh boy... the reality of money would probably scar this poor mage for life.

"Kid..." I sighed heavily. He was going to be in for a rude awakening. "You don't know the half of it."

<-O->

Rather than explain it, I decided to throw Pup in head first to learn just the "half of it." He still had much to learn about city survival as a pauper. A day of accidently stealing from thugs or a fluke performance was not what this life had to offer. Those are lucky breaks, not the standard. No, no, it was days of grueling, thankless work and collecting injuries. Sure, the boy seemed to work hard for his tribe, but that was more belief driven. He's gonna learn how captialism rules your life. What better way than to learn by doing.

This was not only a good way to teach him more, but evaluate his lasting worth to me. Afterall, he claimed he could help me in my financial endeavors. I had to see if this boy was a one trick pony or not. So, we plugged days away with the standard chores I had been doing before his arrival. Though, things definitely played out much differently this time around since I had met him. Oh, were they ever so different.

Where to start? Oh, how 'bout the fact very few people know what a healthy kobold is supposed to look like? Yeah. The amount of people that don't know the difference between 'bolds and lizardfolk is astounding. Seriously, everyone thought I was one of the reptilians hailing from the southern sands. As much as I want to correct (and cut) these idiots, the ignorance was more of a boon than an annoyance. People are more willing to work with a lizardfolk than a kobold. Probably for the fact the former actually know how to socialize. Whatever.

Odd jobs were flowing at a steady pace. Sure, they weren't the fantastic money makers like Pup and I shaking our money makers, however, as they say, "one step at a time."

What really mattered in these passing days was Pup's performance. Was he gonna be a massive load or was he gonna bust his arse with any job that was thrown in our direction? Thankfully, after two weeks of constant labor, it was proven to be the latter. I take it as a massive relief that Pup's desire to help was more than just blowing smoke.

What is a massive surprise though was just how hard of a worker he was. Maybe it was from the fact the only soft skin children I've seen were either beggars or kin to nobles. Both didn't work for coin, it was free from charity or mommy and daddy. Regardless, the little shites had no concept of work ethic and were nothing but wastes of flesh. Pup though, hells... that boy had discipline and diligence.

No matter what task that was thrown at him, he'd see it through to completion. If he didn't know how to do it, he'd fire off dozens of questions and learn it at an impressive pace. Kid's like a sponge for knowledge. A touch gullible however. I taught him an inefficient method of applying wax to surfaces in large circles with his right hand and cleaning it with the left hand. Sure... it still got the job done eventually, but I needed to mess with him. It was quickly becoming my new favorite tradition.

Shame that not all hatchlings shared his sense of responsibility. I found my mind wandering with questions of what I did to receive such a blessing... Eh... blessing is too strong a word, but I am considering myself lucky for meeting Pup. From barely making it day to day to now being able to eat well with coin to spare, it's a wonder how things changed just because of this boy.

I ain't a worshipping lass, but I'm getting the feeling I need to thank a couple of gods for this turn around. Which ones though I haven't a clue. Do gods even give a damn about kobolds? As a sentient species mind you, not walking, disposible meat sacs. Sod, I don't know. I just hope this good fortune lasts a while.

"Scrapper... you ok?" Pup's concern snapped me out of reflective reverie. Huh? Where was I again? Oh right.

We were outside of a building site in the outermost later. Our latest job was to aid in construction. Decent pay for the physically able. Anyway, we were putting up the wooden framework for a new installation for gods know what. It was going smoothly until I smashed my finger with a hammer. Full force. Without mercy. You know that little bastard was crushed and hurt something fierce. Yes... I wasn't paying attention but I ain't admitting that to anyone.

That's where my boy comes in. Pup gently took my injured digit and began to work his magic. Well, at least I finally get to see what he can do. Though, it was the weirdest experience to be conscience of healing done to me.

His hands were wrapped with a faint, yellow aura as he lightly massaged my finger. That wasn't the weirdest part though. What was weird was what I felt going on beneath my flesh. I could feel what surviving bone in my finger disintegrate into literal dust and slowly rebuild itself. It hurt, not anywhere near the application of hammers to it, but it was enough for mild discomfort. It was unnerving feeling bone, muscle, and other bodily doodads break apart, shift, and reorganize itself. Hells, this is a tiny sample of what he did when we first met. Just imagining what that could feel like was nauseating. Thank gods I was out for that.

It was over as fast as the act of destroying myself. I was left with a finger in perfect condition. Nary a sensation of pain and all the full range of movement it's supposed to have. To anyone else, it's like I never broke it in the first place.

"Magic's a helluva thing." I murmured absentmindly. It's another thing on the list of things I'm lucky to have.

"Eh, this wasn't a big deal." The boy shrugged. Sure, not for you, this is your everyday life. Mages are rare in this city. "We just got to skip the natural way of taking care of it."

"Time is money though Pup." 

"Right. You said we can't waste it." Like a sponge. This kid will buy anything I tell him. I love it.

"How you feeling though?" I had noticed he was flicking his wrists a bit shortly after finishing his spells. Odd. "You fine on mana?"

"Huh?" I pointed to his hands when he flicked them again. "Oh! Y-yeah, I'm fine. They're just a little numb from the catalyst."

I'm afraid to ask. "What did you use?"

"For healing spells, you usually use blood and flesh to mend." Don't tell me... "So I used a little of mine instead of yours..."

Excuse me, what?

I didn't need to say anything, the obvious furrowing of my brow was all I needed. He used his own blood to heal me? How? How does that work? What does it even mean? Do I now have some of Pup inside me? Gross.

Pup crumbled under the death glare. "I... I didn't want you to deal with a numb hand. So... y'know... I-"

"Did you do the same when healing me before?" My voice grew dark, like a mother's when she scolds her child. Shite, it feels like I'm actually doing that now. Well... I am.

Pup let out a meek response. He knew I was pissed. "Y... yes."

Sod and a half, are you serious? So mana depletion and burning his own blood? What else is there? Offering part of his remaining time alive. I want to chew him out for his constant stupidity as I learn more and more of the costs to his actions. Hells, he's asking for it...

And yet, I can't. I've done it enough for this event and strangely, I don't feel like begrudging him for it anymore. Strange for a kobold I know. Yeah, I still get pissed at the thought of himself risking his life for mine. Though, after these two weeks, it's not because it was entirely stupid to do. Nor is it because I'm too lazy to yell at him anymore. That gnawing pit was coming back. Thought I kicked that feeling.

"I'm... I'm sorry." He whimpered out pitifully.

"Don't be." I didn't even realize I had said that, it was so automatic. But, I meant it. Huh. I think I'm just more mad that he could endanger himself more than wasting such efforts on me. "It's in the past. I wouldn't be here if you didn't."

Pup was silent, probably completely unsure of how to handle the absence of a verbal beatdown. His gaze darted around as he tried to figure out what to do. I knew what to do however.

"Thank you." I said softly. Even that came out automatically, but felt strangely natural. It was a first in my whole life to express sincere gratitude. Probably another first in kobold history. Pathetic groveling and smoke blowing doesn't count. "I never actually said it, but I do mean it."

"Uhh..." Pup was stunned. He stood with mouth agape and scarlet bloomed on his cheeks. Yes, I know, rough and tough Scrapper is being nice. Get over it. I've grown to appreciate what you've done for me. Though, once his mind finally understood what was going on, his trademark smile erupted in full brilliance. "You're welcome!"

"Just..." I sighed, trying to figure out how to put it nicely. "Don't screw yourself over for me. I'm tougher than I look, er... than what I used to look."

"Screw myself?" I snickered, but realized he didn't know that Trade slang.

"First, don't say it like that. It has another meaning." Though, I probably shouldn't have corrected him. Would've been hilarious for him to say that in public. "Second, I mean don't risk yourself. " I jabbed a claw at his chest, not to hurt him, but to drive a point home. "Always look out for number one."

"Number one..." He pondered that for a moment before yielding a single nod. Not too confident if he bought it though.

"I'm serious Pup. You need to look out for yourself." I mentally scrambled for the words that would make him understand. He wants to be altruistic but there's a fine limit if he wastes away doing so... Oh, duh! "If you hurt yourself too much, you can't protect others."

I saw the figurative torch light up in his head. "Oh! That makes sense. You're right! I can't save others if I'm too weak!" Eh, good enough.

"Ok, remember that then." I sighed heavily. "That's an important Scrapper lesson." One that I shoulda followed when we met but whatever. "Anyway, you should-"

"Oi! Move yer bleedin' arses o' I'll move it fer ya, ya sad sacs of shite!" A voice cursed out down the path had cut me off. Rude. I was gonna continue Pup's life lesson of the day. Though... that looks like it's gonna be put on hold...

Further down the walkway, Pup and I witnessed a beast of a man barreling through workers like a rampaging boar. Bystanders caught in his path were flung aside like rag dolls. If I didn't know any better, he was making a bee line straight for us. Yup, he is. That head of his was locked on our position. The man plowed on through without so much as flinching or glancing at others. Seems people down along the way were starting to catch on to this volatile visitor. They leaped and dove out of his way as if he commanded some sort of respect... or fear. I'm betting fear.  

As he got closer, I could make out his features with my sharper eyes. A fiery gaze was glued on us. His craggly face was warped with patches of partially treated burn scars. Despite such deformities, one feature was as prominent as a nation's flag. Gouged and centered on his visage was distinctive cross shaped scar...

"Oh shite..."

Current Funds:
+37 Trinity Copper (Performance)
+86 Trinity Copper (Odd Jobs Profit)
+21 Trinity Silver (Performance)
+24 Trinity Silver  (Odd Jobs Profit)
+4 Trinity Gold (Performance)
-1 Trinity Gold (Momento Amulet)

Total:

167 Trinity Copper
46 Trinity Silver
3 Trinity Gold

Valuable Possessions:
1 Memento Amulet (Value = 1 Trinity Gold)

Allies:
Jayce "Pup" Marduul
-Human Mage
Marketable Talents:
-Tribal Song and Dance
-Children's Level Arts and Crafts