Chapter Ten: Beat It

It has become an unspoken rule that whenever you see the man with the cross scar on his face, you drop what you're doing and hide. Doesn't matter how important it is. In the middle of delivering a runt and he shows up? You bolt. Push the kid back up and tell 'em to wait. You don't tussle with the scarred man. You don't speak to him. You don't look at him. You don't even breathe around him.

That was a hard earned lesson for me years back. Unwanted entanglements for a perceived vermin trying to survive in a whole new world. Learning the rules back then was... painful. Though, fleeing wasn't something I needed to be taught, it's in a 'bold's nature. Yet, because of my new cohort, running wasn't a feasible option. Granted, I could've kept my snout out of his business, but then where would I be now? Probably dead from starvation or just barely getting by.

Now, the scarred man named Duran Lebon teeters that fine line between mysterious and there's just not much that's interesting to him. Royal pain in my arse regardless. I wouldn't even care if it wasn't the fact I have that unintended history with him. Extremely brief, but Duran never forgets. Neither do I.

In terms of where he came from no one really knows. His accent suggests the temperate region of Cimire, a realm to the north of Tham. I only know this as other folk with the same accent have passed through during routine trade caravans. They tend to favor goods from southern lands that are impossible to cultivate up north. Duran himself has a taste for their liquor, sooo... I guess Cimirian?

Whatever. Someday he managed to get into Tham and has resided here ever since. No one ever has claimed to know him personally nor does he have any known family. He just popped up. Hushed whispers tell tales of this thug moving in and raising all kinds of hells. People legitimately feared the cross scarred man. What he's actually done is muddled in tales of varying degrees. Assault, theft, racketeering, extortion, kidnapping, murder, the list goes on and on with increasing depravity.

Now, one might ask if such a man held a well known rep, why hasn't he been taken down? Simple, there is no proof that he's done even a third of that list. Sure, I've seen him pick fights and he was going to attempt to kidnap Pup, but otherwise there is that void of evidence. Even when he was seen lurking around a missing person's abode, no one can claim to see him speak to a victim. Silence of testimony, lack of physical evidence, and surprisingly Duran doesn't brag about such exploits. These tales were spread through gossip. Add to that the fact he has been known to associate with Relius, Duran's infamy soared to new heights.

If there is any shred of truth to the hushed whispers... well... no one wanted to press their luck to find out. Yet... Pup and I are looking to be forced to this exam...

I pray they were all bollocks.

<-O->

"Wh-what's wrong?" Pup's inquiry was tinged with shock and possibly fear. Why not? This is probably the first time I've shown hesitation in front of him. Dunno, if I should be worried for Pup or proud that he's picking up on my mannerisms. I pointed a single claw to our incoming "friend."

"Trouble." Was all I needed to say. The boy's eyes followed my signal to the fast approaching Duran.

"Uh... that scar..." Welp. That stupid thing does make him recognizable, even to a foreigner. "He's that man th-"

"Duran Lebon." I curtly sliced through Pup's words. We had no time for reminiscing.  "Remember that name."

"What do we do...?" It wasn't a secret about what happened in our last encounter and I'm not too keen on making a repeat showing. Unfortunately, where we were didn't lead itself to an easy escape. Essentially, this construction zone was just a straight line both ways. Without any real structures fully established, we had no way to get out of sight. To top it off, we're far away from any entrance to slip into the fifth layer...

Well shite... 

"Scrapper... what do we do?" Pup definitely needed my guidance here. Several things were running through my brain just as fast as Duran approached. Survival was key, but that's a layered issue in of itself. We're in the city, so there's more to defending yourself than throwing punches and flaunting strength and wit and... wait...

"Let him throw the first punch." I finally replied to his plea for direction. It started to click with a finer detail of city life survival. Something we can use to our advantage.

Pup's brow furrowed. "W-w-what?"

"Trust me. If a fight happens, let him hit you first. Then..."

"Then?" I knew what Pup can do... vaguely. He was able to fend off Duran the first time. How, not entirely sure. I know fire was used. The brute will be ready for that. Duran's a thug though he ain't stupid. He knows Pup can sling fire. But then again, Pup also knows what he's dealing with now. At least I hope to gods that he remembers. Coupled with whatever martial training the kid has, he should be ready to defend himself. He has to be or this is the end of the line for us.

"Go wild." 

"Wild... right..." Please Pup, I need more confidence out of you.

Duran's stride slowed, but still held purpose. Probably since we haven't moved an ilm, he figured we ain't running. Gods I hope I'm not making a mistake here. Too late now, our fates are sealed.

His features were as clear as ever. Sure, my eyesight was sharper than most softskins, but now Pup could make out the details. That ugly mug of his was warped and bubbled by burn scars. Actually, they were a lot worse than I had first gauged. They were healed, but only enough to seal the flesh rather than restore it back to whatever former "glory" he once had. Shoddy job on that. Even his hairline wasn't spared as boiled flesh cut wildly over his skull. Poor guy, stuck with a sad, patchy mohawk for the remainder of his life.

Somehow that iconic scar of his remained untouched, unless he cut a new one in. Wouldn't be shocked if he did. The scar cradled his fierce eyes perfectly. Those grey eyes burn with animosity, razing an almost traceable line to... Pup?

The hells? You'd think it would be towards me.

"Yer quite the 'ard lad tae find, ye know'n that? Duran finally growled through barely contained anger and yellowed teeth. "Bein' a rare breed yerself... one should bein' able tae find ye before sundown."

An audible gulp sprang from Pup's throat. Or was that mine? Who cares, the idea of being actively hunted down was terrifying. Sure, I've made enemies, but even Duran didn't try to hunt me down when they assumed I was chased out of Tham. Pup though? He's still a babe. I can't imagine what was going through the boy's mind.

"What do you want from me?" In a surprising twist, Pup retorted with a rather defiant tone. I... wasn't expecting that in the slightest. The kid crumples like wet paper when I give him a simple, but stern lecture. A crook standing before him that assaulted us and has a vendetta however? Scrote of stone. Weirdo.

Duran let out a single huff. "Still got that fight in ye. Good." He cast a single, quick glance towards me. It was brief, but I got the idea that was all he needed to size me up. "I see... got yerself a replacement scaly for the late Scrappah... 'Tis a shame that."

He doesn't recognize me? How does he not... oh shite! That's right, new body. I MUST rub it in his face.

"Well that's quite rude Duran." I chimed in with faux shock, complete with shamed hands applied to the face. Y'know, I may die today, may as well go down having fun. "How could you forgot a woman such as I!?"

Duran's fury was snuffed nigh instantaneously as he gawked at me. Wide, bamboozled eyes bore straight at me as he tried to comprehend what the sod just happened. Peeking between my digits I saw his boiled face ripple and contort with confusion before clarity smoothed everything out.

"... Scrappah?" We have a winner folks.

Pure, unadulterated smugness spread across my muzzle. "The one and only Duran."

"H-how'n..." He choked on his bewilderment. Words and reasoning escaped from his tiny brain as he was trying to process how I became this goddess of a 'bold.

Yeah, it was egotistical beyond the planes, but dammit, I am milking this miracle for what it's worth.

"Unlike whatever quarter-rate excuse of a healer that somehow managed to make you even uglier..." That's right, pure, concentrated, narcissistic smug coated my words like a delectable syrup. If I'm dying today, I going down having an ego trip. "I have a real man of a mage who could work such divine magic~" Why not make this situation even worse by feeling up my own curves and lean muscle like some braindead harlot? 

Have to say, it does feel good to the touch, but that's not the point of this gloating. The point was to drive Duran to the brink of rage to make the first strike. If I can get him to swing, then he sealed his fate. Y'know, if Pup could pummel him again. 

My taunting did land its mark though. Duran's puzzlement was swiftly torched with the fires of rage rekindled. His ashen eyes bulged with a glare that could kill if he had such powers. But nay, he was a simple, beef headed man. C'mon arse, swing at me. I see your fists clenching. C'mon! Do it!!!

His anger didn't last long, a single twitch of his gaze somehow immediately extinguished him again. Duran relaxed yet again back to his dimwitted confused state. What? What the sod happened now!?

"The hells are yeh you smilin' 'bout?" He snarled. Well, a least some irritation was building back up, but what stopped him in the first place?

Oh.

All it took was to glance at Pup. The boy was grinning ear to ear, probably a new record for his widest one I've seen yet. You can tell he was tickled high about something. Do I look that stupid when my ego is stroked?

"She called me a man!" That was the euphoric voice of a child who received the greatest gift of all time. You know the one, where the voice swells just enough to not crack at the pitch it's hitting. But seriously, that's what it takes for you to be elated? Way to have high standards Pup...

... gods, I'm gonna die with this fool.

Duran, however, just barked a single note of laughter. "Boy... I wouldn't take any a word this 'ere skink says tae 'eart."

Pup's smile quickly washed away. Kid, don't buy into whatever this lout says. "Why's that?"

"Cuz she's a filthy kobold..." Going there eh Duran? Low. "An' 'bolds are vermin. Tiny bundles of greed that 'ave no concept of value. Jus' dangle summin' shiny 'n front o' them an' they do anythin'." Well, he's not... entirely wrong there... when talking about other 'bolds.

"Scrapper works hard for her money. She's earned every single coin." Pup, you're absolutely precious at times. Coming to my defense like a valiant hero. "I'm helping her and in turn she's teaching me how-"

"I'm sure whatever she's teachin' ye is absolute bollocks." Duran curtly sliced through that sweet praise. "The thing 'bout kobolds is that ye can't trust a damn word from 'em. When I said they do anythin' I mean anythin'. They'll lie, cheat, steal, stab, whatever tae get their coin."

"So like you then." I snapped in. Take that zinger and break already. I'm tired of your curdled face.

"Unlike ye..." a vile sneer slowly cracked from his wretched lips. "I'm 'onest 'bout it upfront. I don't lie tae young'ns 'bout my intentions."

I felt my eye spasm... I do NOT like where this is going. "Excuse me?" 

"Ye heard me, Scrappah..." Duran was gloating, pacing back and forth. What was this idiot up to? "Unlike me, who'n be 'onest and tell ye upfront that Imma gut the two of ye right 'ere... Imma gut ye two 'n get the money ye stole from me. See? 'Onest. But ye... ye play games Scrappah."

This showboating was starting to piss me off.  Watching him shuffle about, waving his hands like he's some hot shite... I'm playing games? What game are you playing Duran?

"I've been followin' what yer doin'. A foreign boy and his lizard mate racin' 'round town pickin' up work. Now, I knew the foreign boy meant the firecrackah there. Lizard, not so much. Not until now... it all makes sense now, knowin' it be ye Scrappah..."

"You know me that well Duran?" I let out a harsh scoff, this blowhard is just spouting nonsene. "A minute ago you couldn't even recognize me."

Duran shrugged. "A change'n hide ain't changed much o' ye. So lemme guess, wit' this  boy, yer pretendin' 'e the brains o' the operation." 

A poorly concealed gag choked out of my gullet. How in the hells did he figure that out? Duran is supposed to be dumb as all shite, just mindless muscle for hire. I watched that grin grow and grow as he was piecing together the situation... the sad thing is, he isn't entirely wrong either. 

"Imma guessin' ye pose as 'is slave. Ye tell 'im what tae say. Make it seem like 'e's the one looking for work. Yer just along tae 'elp'." 

Shite. 

"Because who'n their right minds would trust a 'bold who's'n charge? Much less pay one fairly."

Shite, shite, shite!

"So ye find yerself a 'umie. But ye need the right one. Young. Respectable. The kind everyone likes. But a dumb one. One not tae bright, one ye can manipulate... lie tae as if this'n the way things work 'round here..." His vile gaze flashed over to Pup. "Like a foreigner..."

SHITE! My mind was starting to just fade to red. Rage was swept across my conscious thought in violent cascades of blood waves. How the sod did this brick of a humie deduce this all out!? He's an imbecile! Every time I've dealt with him, he's been nothing but a beef-head!! Now? A master detective who figured out just how I'm amassing coin through the use of Pup!!! And he has the audacity to just blatantly say this in front of him!!!!

So, not only is he picking me apart, he's tearing down my perfectly fine system for making coin. He's painting this with far more insidious notions than it really has. Pup will totally buy it too, the boy's kind, but gullible as a drunk gnome. 

This man... this man... he single handedly destroyed everything that I had set up. It was going perfectly up til now. Why gods!? Why did this meeting have to come to be? My teeth were gnashing, my claws digging through balled fists. I just want nothing more now than to see this man dead.

Duran let out a smug laugh. He knew he was getting to me. This bastard turned the whole plan around on me. With one, final, triumphant sneer of his, he uttered:

"And I'm sure this boy means nuthin' tae ye. 'E is a but a dispos'ble tool. Once 'is worth used up, ye'll drop 'im in a 'eartbeat. Mebbe gut 'im 'n dump 'im tae cover them loose ends."

"YOU SON OF A WHORE!!!!" I snarled like a ravenous animal. White hot fury flashed throughout my senses. Without realizing it, my legs snapped like a wound up spring. I had launched myself into a lunge at him, claws at the ready to tear the remaining, leathery flesh asunder.

I could see the whole massacre play out in my mind. I would bathe in the fountain of blood and bits that was once his face. I would just rip and tear through him. It would be a continued onslaught until no one could identify that his remains were once human. Yet, that was a fantasy unrealized.

Not sure how or when, but my violent approach was thoroughly halted by some unseen force. The abruptness of stopping immediately brought me back to my senses. The blinding rage wash away just as quickly as it had pooled in. My offending arm was clutched tightly in Pup's hand. Somehow, at some time, he managed to catch my in mid pounce. Damn... boy has quick reflexes.

"Pay no heed to this je'hwa Scrapper." Nevermind that he slipped in some foreign word of his, the boy's speech was vastly different. His voice was darkened, much deeper than his usual sunny disposition. Is this his angry voice? To match, his visage was calm, yet intense focus bored in on Duran. Did Pup catch me without looking too!?

Duran appeared equally disgruntled that I didn't swing at him and shocked at Pup's fly catching skills and demeanor. "The 'ells ye call me boy?"

"A je'hwa." Judging from the accenting, that is a word from his native tongue. "It is a creature whose only worth in existence is to make everyone else around it miserable."

Duran just chortled. "Well, I do make those who cross'n me mis-"

"I wasn't finished je'hwa!" Holy hells Pup, when did your balls drop? Even Duran was taken aback by that. "You spread misery as your only means to convince yourself you exist." 

"Ex... excuse me kid?" This is starting to look familiar. Only now, in the fashion I wanted it to go... Pup's pissing him off.

"You heard me. You are feckless little worm of a man who has to flail around in violent storm to assure everyone you live." Damn, who knew such venom could come from a boy this innocent. "It's your only means to make any worth to the miserable excuse you call your life. Spread pain, hurt others, that desperate plea to have eyes on you. Anything it takes to assure that you have a point to existing. That's what makes you a je'hwa." Seems like Pup's words are hitting home. Duran's fists were clenched tight, white knuckles showing that building rage.

"Keep talkin' kid..." He snarled. Saliva oozed through his clenched teeth. That mad dog visage was definitely the sign I was looking for. Keep talking Pup, it's working.

"Eventually, you will die, like all life in this plane. However, you will not be remembered." Getting dark here Pup, damn. "Forgotten to all as your demise brings nothing but the relief that a minor vermin is gone. No one remembers the pesky rat that eats your foods stores after all. So that's what you'll amount to be, a dead and done ver-GHAGH!"

There's the breaking point. Duran gave into his rage. In a flash, the thug broke out into a bull rush. Wanting nothing more than to shut him up, Duran used the momentum to unleash a brutal hammer punch to Pup's temple. The blow sent the boy reeling to the ground... and not getting up...

Shite, getting him killed wasn't the plan. I just needed Duran to throw that first punch. Dread was creeping in as I watched Duran saunter over to Pup's motionless body. He spouted off mocking jeers and snarls, but I paid no heed to whatever he was belching out. Pup just laid there. He can't be dead... not from a single punch. Unconscious sure, but that's not that much better in this case. He's not getting up though. Please, Pup, get up...

"All bark 'n no bite..." Duran grunted before turning his leering eyes to me. "So... 'ow do ye want tae doin' this?"

I don't know. I don't even care. I lost all desire to fight after watching my plan crumble in a single punch. It was stupid to think a kobold and a boy could stand up to a hardened thug. The hells was I thinking? Sure, the boy was fit and could cast magic, but that doesn't mean he knows how to actually fight in... eh?

Through the corner of my eye, I caught movement. Pup's head shifted to look straight to me. Blood pooled from the gash on his temple, but I could see his eye staring through the crimson. He was alert. Fire burned in his eye, like he had never been knocked out cold at all. Like...? He... he had to be faking this the entire time. Pup was never knocked out to begin with! He knows what he's doing! This kid knows how to handle Duran!

Cunning son of a bitch... keeps surprising me at every passing minute. Well, may as well get the show on the road then Pup. Then I'll kick your arse later for putting through such anxiety.

"Well Duran..." I let a smug grin lace my maw. "You know how I like it... rough and wild!"

On cue, Pup sprang into action, quite literally actually. He propelled himself off the ground with a single hand. With a spin, his acrobatic vault drove his feet square into Duran's back sending that bastard tumbling over. Pup was a spry fighter just from that one little display as he was back on his feet just from the rebound.

"Still wit' us eh?" Duran scrambled back to his feet, desperately trying to regain composure from the surprise attack.

Pup wiped the blood from his face. "From that punch? Of course. The den mother gave much worse peltings than that." Ok Pup, now you're just being a smug arsewipe.

Keep doing it.

Duran just howled like a mad beast. He drew his dagger and lunged into another desperate rush to Pup. With those insane reflexes of his, Pup danced around the lunge. Every time Duran swiped with is blade, Pup weaved around every strike as if he was made of water. Shite, this kid can't be pure humie, he has to have something else in him. Vanara? Elf? Dragon? Something because I've never seen humies that nimble.

Hells, I'm just sitting here enjoying this show of Duran essentially failing to catch a fly. He may be twice Pup's size and at least three times as much muscle, but he just has nothing on the boy in terms of speed. Pup's footwork and flexibility were a marvel. Our dance from before was just a tiny appetizer of his capabilities. It's just... unearthly in what he ca-

SHNK!

A dagger found itself embedded into the ground just half an ilm from me. The quick brush with death snapped me from my amazement and brought me back to: "oh yeah we're fighting a killer."

"Sorry Scrapper!" Pup choked out an apology between ducks and dives. He must've knocked the weapon out of Duran's hand during that scuffle. Huh, so the boy knows how to disarm. I'm more impressed than I am pissed that it almost killed me. "I didn't mean to- HRCK!"

A blow connected to Pup's face again, cutting his apology off. Dammit boy, pay attention. This time it didn't send him completely to the ground. The boy was quick to vault again back to his feet and launch into a strike. Duran swung pitifully again at the rushing Pup. With another, graceful weave, Pup used the brute's arm as a pole to swing himself up and over. In this circus display, Pup dove back down on Duran's head and slammed his face to the cobble with sickening cracks of broken bone.

Duran got back up after Pup rebounded off of him. Sure, a broken nose wasn't going to stop him, but hells did that sucker gush blood. The two squared off once more with Duran swinging wide and loose. Pup would just dive and retaliate with quick strikes of his own. Despite that lack of muscle, Pup's punches and kicks were direct enough to nail vital points to wear his attacker down. Combine that with his vanara-like agility and this was becoming a one-sided show.

A show that I was more willing to watch rather than participate in. Sure, the original idea was that I would jump in as well. I figured that would put us on par with Duran's strength. Though, Pup was proving more than capable of handling the idiot this time around. And this is without casting a single spell mind you. Why hasn't he casted one though? Meh, doesn't seem to need it.

A swing over Pup's head, a sharp jab to Duran's rib. A blow aimed for Pup's chest, sidestep into a roundhouse kick to Duran's head. An attempt at a tackle, reverse into a flip and slam. That particular one had a delightfully grotesque crackling from the thug's back. Every failed attack was just turned back on Duran. Is this what it looks to see a professional and a  amateur fight? Hells, this was getting sad to watch, but still deliciously beautiful to see Duran getting his arse kicked thoroughly.

The thug was starting to stagger from blows that shouldn't shake a man of his stature. Blood caked his face and leathers. Bruising swelled his already lumpy body. His breathing was strained. His eyes bewildered with wonder of how he was losing this fight. I wonder if Duran even knew what it was like to lose a fight? 

Pup was totally fine with just that first cut and minor bruising. Y'know, just to add insult to Duran's injuries. Otherwise this boy was still raring to go. Duran knew it too, but I had to wonder if he knew that he can't win. Because it sure looks like it to me. Or is it just wounded pride, losing to a boy at least half his age?  

Duran slinked back slightly, his first real sign of weakness. Yeah, he's starting to wise up to Pup's superior fighting skills. Brute strength versus tempered skill is usually a one way battle. Once you realize this, you get desperate. Desperate to win. His eyes raced around the area looking for something to give him an edge. It didn't take long for his eyes locked on to something. Something sitting right next to me.

Before I could register it, Duran rushed for me. With one of his meaty appendages he called a hand, he seized me by the throat. The other claimed the dagger that made its sheathe in the ground. Wildly, Duran held me before Pup. His panicked movements tightened his grip to strangle me.

"Listen boy... we don' 'ave to keep this'n up!" His words were strained with desperation. He flourished his dagger and ran the flat against my stomach. "We'll make a deal... gimme the money ye stole n' let me 'ave Scrappah. Ye kin walk away n' ye'll nevah see me again. Good deal right?"

I could only gag out unintelligible protests. With the lack of air getting to my body mixed with terror, everything thing grew numb. Even thoughts were clouded with half-developed concepts. Despite the strain, I willed myself to stay conscious. Partly to keep cussing myself out for just being a spectator in this fight, but also to try and tell Pup... to tell him to take the offer. 

"P-P-Pup..." I tried to choke out, though that just incited Duran to tighten his grip. Despite his skill, there's no way in all the hells Pup can take control of this situation. I'd be gutted before he could make a strike. There's no way...

"Whatsit gonna be boy!? Surely, ye not dumb enough to care about this vermin!"

"????" Pup uttered something in that native tongue. I had no clue what it meant, but judging by the vehement tone of his voice, it wasn't anything pleasant. Actually, based on what I know from this kid, the context definitely indicated he wasn't done with Duran, nor giving up on me... what an idiot.

Before Duran could figure out what he even said, Pup had bolted for us. In reaction to the incoming assault, I felt Duran press the tip of the dagger into my gut. Yet, he was too slow to do anything beyond that initial, tiny puncture. Despite having the need for little time to cut me, Pup seem to move even faster than that. With the lightning quick dash, Pup snapped his fingers. Yet it didn't sound like the normal snap of fleshy digits. No... it sounded like metal and stone struck against each other... His weird gloves! Pup said he uses that to create a catalyst for a spell. After the tiny spark created by his gloves, Pup's hand erupted violently into flames. He's casting magic!! What spell is he casting? Fireball? Burning Hands? Uh... what other spells are there?

Who knows, who cares? Attempting to defend himself, Duran jerked this blade to swing at Pup. With a graceful swerve, Pup weaved himself under the dagger before returning with a vicious uppercut with his burning hand. Just as the fist connected, the flames seemed to like... flee from Pup's hand and suddenly engulf Duran in their inferno. Pup... punched fire onto him? What kind of spell is that? Thankfully, Duran tossed me in his panic of immediately bursting into flames before I caught aflame. With equal grace, Pup managed to catch me like a valiant hero from the fables people loved. I ain't telling him that though. 

The whole event was weird, it was like watching what was less than a second drawn out to a couple of minutes. Watching Pup's assault, the blade trying to cut me, the magic, it was a spectacle seared into my mind. Perhaps the lack of oxygen and impending death slowed things down. I don't know... this whole thing just seemed impossible though I am thanking whatever god was looking out for me today. Once I found my bearings in Pup's arms, time seemed to catch up. Duran flailed wildly around has he burning. Howling like a banshee, the fireball on legs desperately tried to find something, anything that could put the flames out. In this alleyway though, there was nothing for him. If anything, there were more things to catch on fire rather than snuff it.

However, an alien torrent of water engulfed the thug, immediately extinguishing the flames. However, such a strange boon was a touch late. Duran was left as a smoldering, withered mess of a... humie... I guess. He still gurgled and seemed to be breathing... the sod is still alive? Shite, he's a tough bastard, I'll give him that. Whatever, where'd that water come from? There was no way that came from any place nat-

"Lay down your arms and come quietly!" A booming voice echoed throughout the construction zone. Standing before us was a group of armored and robed soldiers. Looking over Pup's shoulders, more of them all wearing matching tabards brandishing the Trinity colors. Oh gods dammit.

The lead soldier, a menacing, towering, olive fleshed beast of a man approached us. He wore similar armor to the other soldiers, though more ornate with embellishments to signify a much higher rank. Not sure if he needed it, he stood a clear falm higher than a knife ear and could probably snap one with his bare hand. Yes, hand, as in singular. An authoritative scowl was plastered on his tusked mouth complimented with a sharply furrowed brow that could kill just by its looks. Sod me, a rutting orc. 

"I will not repeat myself again." His coarse, commandeering voice sent a shiver down my spine. "You are all under arrest for disturbing the piece, assault, and reckless use of magic. If you do not comply, I am authorized to administer lethal force here and now." That time, I felt Pup shake too.

"S-Scrapper..." He stammered. Even he had an idea that these guys were something to truly fear. "W-w-who..."

"Tham's Legionnaires. Put me down and do what they say. We're not fighting these guys." I held up my arms and nodded for Pup to do the same. "We ain't gonna fight it, we surrender."

Times like this make me wish Duran killed us.

Current Funds:

Total:
 
167 Trinity Copper
46 Trinity Silver
3 Trinity Gold
 
Valuable Possessions:
1 Memento Amulet (Value = 1 Trinity Gold)
 
Allies:
Jayce "Pup" Marduul
-Human Mage
Marketable Talents:
-Tribal Song and Dance
-Children's Level Arts and Crafts