Chapter 11 - Renegade

I've considered myself pretty good at avoiding the law of this city. It wasn't hard, just keep my head down, stay in the lower class sections, and generally pretend to be an upstanding citizen. I didn't steal, didn't kill anything that didn't deserve it, didn't cheat dommies out of their money. All that shite was beneath me. I'm a 'bold, but a 'bold with standards.

So I kept my snout out of trouble. Well, as best I could... It's kinda keeping my tail between my legs, but I had no back up in Tham. No clutch to return to for safety. Just me, myself, and I. Dunno if you call that cowardly... I sure as hells don't. I call it smart survival on a budget. Especially after what I've seen the legionnaires do.

Perhaps it's a dommie thing, but the legionnaires aren't ones to be trifled with. For every incident I've seen these bucket bodies trudge into, they only give two chances to surrender. No matter the issue, grand or small, from a full bandit raid to pilfering an apple, they only give out two warnings. No more, no less. Seemed to be a very practiced system here.

Failure to comply after both warnings only leads to immediate execution. No trial, no further opportunities to negotiate, just your imminent death. I wasn't kidding by needing to avoid the legion at all costs. I've seen no one survive a showdown with the legionnaires.  The military is run by the orc families, so either you got the bastards themselves or other dommies trained in their ways. Either way, your life is damned if you're crooked and stupid.

From the streak I've seen, conflicts are swift and precise. Pretty much every bloke that squared off against the legionnaires was cut down in a matter of seconds. This show of accurate, deadly force is probably why crime in Tham happens behind closed doors or underground. Petty crime, public disturbances, all that kind of shite was nigh nonexistent here. How Duran gets away with it is a marvel, but otherwise it makes sense though. Getting caught by Tham's forces was a one way ticket to six falms under.

Now, as for what would happen should you comply... I have no sodding clue. I've never found out what became of those who surrendered. A fair trial maybe? Serve your time and then release? Least I'm hoping for our case. Granted, I doubt we had witnesses to our tussle so the self defense claim has no backup. Even if it's sodding true. Oh, Pup did sling spells in public. I think that shite is illegal to do... Wonder what the sentence is for that... Sod, I don't know, but surrendering at least seemed to yield some options to get out of this alive.

At least I hope so. Otherwise, a quick death may have been the best choice...

<-O->

"Oi! Least you could do was give me a better cell!! The godsforsaken rubble I call home is actually better than this dump!! And this is supposed to be newer!!!"

"SHUT YER SODDIN' MOUTH SKINK!!"

I heaved a worn sigh. Shouting at an underpaid gaoler from this dank cell wasn't going anywhere. Oh, and when I say dank, I mean it. For a cell in a newer structure, this was sad. Dust and mold had already begun to claim and weather cobblestone. Metal bars block the solitary brick sized window and the only other entrance to this room. They were tarnished with flaking rust and other unidentifiable blemishes that I wager were toxic to the touch. The stone floor was barely covered with matted straw that did sod all to keep my feet from freezing. It really is a marvel that my dilapidated hovel appeared to have better resale value than this.

"Can I at least have my humie back!?"

"WHAT DID I TELL YOU VERMIN!?"

Rut you softskin. As much as I wanted to continue prodding and insulting the man, I know it'll only earn me a blade to the gut. Another sigh slipped from my maw. A shiver ran through my scales. This cell was frigid and I have naught to seek warmth. Not even a potato sack was provided as a simple blanket. Gods, I might have to use Pup for the body heat. Now THAT'S desperation.

I have no clue what happened to him. While our surrender went without incident, as soon as we were brought to the gaol, they separated us. I was thrown in this cell pretty much immediately. However they took Pup along with them. Judging by the silence and other empty cells, they didn't give him one of his own. Hells, I don't even see nor hear Duran, and he was howling like a banshee when they dragged him along with us. Did they release Pup or something? As unfair as it was for him to go scott free while I rot here, some buried part of me hoped he did. Otherwise, I don't know.

I clutched the gaol gate bars. Flecked and gnarled rust dug into the palms of my claws. As best as I could, I shoved my snout through the gaps. I knew I couldn't slip through, but I wasn't trying that. I took in a large swathe of air, hoping to pick up scents. Iron... copper... steel... a touch of bronze... sediment... Metals and minerals were a joke to me, but I'm not looking for that.

Sweat... blood... booze... really? You guys drink Milondel Ale!? Literally pisswater... Sod, get better drink. Oi, focus Scrapper. Not the time to complain. Okay, what else do we have? Orc... gah, what a smell... and... here we go. That mixture of sweat and fragrant grassland herbs with a dash of horse. That's Pup's smell...

Don't rutting judge me. 

The scent was distant, but prominent enough for him to still be here. His scent was mixed in with orc, humie, and steel... had to be dealing with legionnaires. For what exactly I could only guess. Interrogation? Kinda likely, he is the dommie of our duo. Seemed reasonable given that we were caught in the climax of a public throwdown. Though... he did break the law with the magic slinging. A very heavy law... So... Torture? Gods I hope not. Having a babe's blood on my hands is not what I need. The legion was not known for being gentle in their public dealings. The fact that I'm smelling blood was not helping my hopes here. I can only imagine what they could be doing behind closed doors.

The shrill creaking of a gate echoes through the stone hallways. Heavy trudging of sabotons followed suit as it neared my cell. Three soldiers approached me. The orc who led the arrest was back, leading the two other humies who dragged a limp body by the arms. It didn't take a genius to realize that was Pup they were "escorting." Immediately my mind flashed hot white. What the shite did you do to him!? Gods, I wanted to start barking back, but the fact my neck would fit very nicely in the leader's hand kept my maw shut.

"Toss 'im in." The orc grunted as he opened my cell door. I entertained the idea of bolting for a half second. Granted, I knew that would matter sod all. The guards promptly threw Pup's body in like a sack of potatoes. A pained grunt escaped from him, at least reassuring me that he still lived. For now. Still, the lack of his usual liveliness was concerning. Infuriating actually as this creeping anger crawling on my scales was overstaying its welcome.

"What the hells did you do to him!?" That demanding snarl was supposed to stay in my mind. Though, my restraint can only last so long. Better than other 'bolds mind you, but y'know...

The orc remained still, though his yellow eyes did shift their gaze my way. Not that I expected him to be phased by a barking, imprisoned whelp of a creature. He could break me in two. He knew it and I knew it.  With a wave of his hand, his attending soldiers sealed the gate with the shackles that appeared to be the only new thing here.

"The boy is fettered." The orc's low voice rolled from his throat like a distant underground waterfall. Just listening to that voice with its imposing yet deadpan calm was enough to chill my fury. "He'll live." He damn well better.

That was pretty much it for that discourse. The three shifted on their heels and marched back to whence they came. Just like that, I'm alone again in these cells with their eerie silence and deathly cold air. Well, at least Pup is with me. I guess that's a silver lining. If you can call it that.

The boy lazily groaned as he rolled onto his back. Immediately I noticed the queer, runed brace shackled around his neck. It looked tight, judging by the slight pulling of flesh and his labored breathing. What the sod did they put on you Pup? Aside from that he was haggard looking. His hides were just as disheveled as his mop of a head of hair. Eyes were cupped with dark circles of exhaustion. It doesn't look like they tortured him, but I can imagine him being dragged all up and down this place. Shite, what in the gods' names is going to happen to us?

"Ah... are you..." Pup strained through his exhaustion and fetters to speak. "... are you... ok?"

I snorted at his concern. "Pup, you look like troll shite and you're more worried about me? Gods you're an idiot." I suppose that annoyed bark incited a chuckle from him, followed by a choking cough. That brace must be doing a number on his breathing. "Relax boyo, I'm doing leagues better than you." 

A worn smile crawled through his lips once he stifled a cough. "That's... good..."  His relief was evident by his relaxed, though still strained breathing. How the hells can you muster up such concern when I have nary a shackle or injury? Stupid, softskin simpleton... Still... Pup's worry was kinda nice to hear. I uttered a silent thanks to him.

"What about you?" I knealt beside him and rapped a knuckle against the offending neckwear. "This doesn't seem to be helpful."

"It seems... to... cut... my breathing... just enough..." Listening to his strained words, it was dawning on me that it was like Pup was more out of breath rather than choking. "To stop me... from-"

"Stop. I get it." I cut him off for him to save breath. It was easy to figure out; the brace stops spell casting. It made sense, Pup had described that he needed clean breathing to cast. It's obvious that a prison couldn't hold him if they didn't cut off his power. "Just relax. Don't push yourself anymore for now."

"But-"

"No buts. For once let me take care of things." He averted his gaze, probably some sort of shame for not being able to do anything. You take on too much responsibility for your age. Gods, I know dommie parents who would adore having a kid like him. "Let me be the hero now." If only I knew how.

Well, Pup seemed to buy it. He relaxed his stance and his breathing seemed to become slow, but steadier now. "You're... you're amazing Scrapper." Well, his speech got better a touch when he relaxes.

I chortled. As ego tickling that was, it was complete trite. "Pup, I've done nothing. Hells, you were so sway today with Duran." He gave me a confused look. Right, Trade slang is lost on him. Didn't take long to figure that out. "Sway is the trendy way of saying amazing."

"Sway." He repeated, definitely committing it to memory. "Nah... not really."

"Sure you are." I flashed him a reassuring smile. I need to keep his spirits up for now, just to prevent him from losing breath. Though, I had a burning question I had to ask him. "What spell did you use? That shite was a marvel to watch. Never heard of anything like it."

"Fireball." Huh... really? That ain't right. I'm no expert, but I know Fireball is a projectile spell. Not... surprise flaming uppercut. "I told you... my spells are rough."

I raised a brow fringe. "How so? Was it experimental?"

Pup slowly shook his head. "No, my Polarity is messed up." Polarity... I remember that. It's what determines how well a mage pulls in elemental catalysts to create a spell. How does that get messed up though? Pup raised his hand slightly. "I can draw catalysts extremely well. Far better than most. However... spells don't seem to be able to... leave my hands..."

"You lost me. You're saying spells are stuck to your hands?" He gave me a slow nod. "You sure you're casting them right? You could be doing something wrong." Pup shook his head. 

"Tried... for years." He paused and took in a few  swathes of air to recover. "Technique is right... elders think... Polarity is too... strong." His Polarity is strong to pull in an element, but too strong the release it. Ok, let's see if I can piece this together so he doesn't need to waste breath explaining.

"Alright, so you can make spells easier than most. But, it's believed that you're pulling too strongly that spells can't be released. I'm gonna assume that you can't control Polarity." Pup nodded and added a grin to it. Ok, so I got that right. Let's review how he has done spells. I'm gonna assume healing was done by touch. I've seen other healers do it that way. Which means... the little whelp felt me up! Reminder to kick his arse when we get out of this. Anyway... The flaming uppercut though... His fist was on fire for the brief moment before it connected to Duran's ugly mug. The rest is history... Hey... that's... kinda like... "So... you can only use spells by touch?"

That grin became a full ear to ear smile. "You're so smart... Scrapper." Pup, stop with the compliments, my head will explode by pure, overinflated ego. "Yeah... basically all spells... are touch types for me... even if they're not... supposed to be."

"That sounds incredibly dangerous." I can't imagine holding a spell that isn't supposed to be held at all. Literally trying to hold a torch by the burning end type dangerous.

"It is... but I manage... It's actually... pretty strong... with martial... arts... now that I... got a method..." Hmm, is it? He's essentially punching spells through his fists. Well, sounds pretty damn sway regardless of effectiveness. Pup gazed thoughtfully at his pristine hands that should be royally messed up when you think about his made up technique. "At least I can heal... it was... a mess... when I was younger."

"I can imagine. Thankfully, you can save that pretty face of yours. Else... hells... Duran would probably be better looking than you." Half of that was sarcasm, the other genuine. Well, I realized that after those words escaped.

The young mage choked out a laugh. "You called me... pretty." My eye twitched at his easy to amuse stupidity. Like hells I'm letting him feel good about himself.

"Oh shut up Pup."

<-O->

Hours dragged on for what seemed like days. Nary a guard nor inquisitor strolled by to check in on us. The absence of any attention to us was unnerving. It was as if we had been forgotten once Pup was deemed sufficiently fettered. Wonderful, we'll probably starve to death just by sheer neglect. Well, Pup will. I'll end up dying by freezing my scales off.

Once the sun had set, the prison's temperature plummeted. Shivers claimed my body. Appendages were growing numb. I could feel my blood slow to a crawl. Shite... this is rutting awful...

"Scrapper..." Pup's soft voice called out to me. It had to be obvious that I wasn't doing well. I did naught to hide it. "What's wrong?"

"F-f-freez-z-zing..." Words jumbled through chattering teeth. Desperation was starting to set in as I needed warmth NOW. Mustering what little strength I had left, I glowered at Pup like a predator who trapped her prey. "S-s-stay... s-s-still."

"Huh... what's wr-GAH!" I rushed the boy with the last bit of fuel I got. Taking him by the shoulders, I threw him against the wall. Well, as best as I could. He only ended up basically sitting upright against the wall. Probably in a less dramatic way as well. Whatever. Once he was properly set up, I nestled tightly against his side and let his arm drape around me. I did take care not to stab him with my horns and fringes. Despite being starved for heat, I had some modicum of care left in me.

I let out a dreamy sigh as the comfort of his body heat felt immediately wonderful to my frigid being. I could survive the night like this...

"S-Scrapper?" Pup choked out a bewildered note. This was the second time I claimed him with little warning. Probably won't be the last either.

"Shhhhh..." I hissed softly through closed teeth. "Let me warm up..."

"Do you get cold easily?"

I nodded slowly. "Kobolds are cold blooded... we can't maintain our body heat in the cold like you softskins."

"Oh." For once, he picked up on something without my telling him. I felt him tighten his arm around me for better contact. Regardless of how awkward he's holding it, the comfort is from that sweet, humie heat. Mmm, good Pup...

A low, satisfied purr escape my throat. Shite, that was supposed to stay down. "You didn't hear that."

"What? Your stomach? I'm hungry too." Eh, I'll take it. Better than a slip of vulnerable bliss that no one will live to hear from me. "Will they feed us here?"

"Highly doubt it." 

"So what do we do?"

"Still working on that." I can't really bring myself to tell him I have naught a clue on how to get us out of here. This all depends on the severity of our crimes. Taking the time to review 'em, I realized I'm sod all out of luck. Pup may have a chance despite spell slinging. It can be argued for self defense, especially if they can identify Duran. That may overshadow the lack of witnesses. Except... one thing did come to mind that can bungle all of this. "Question: do you have citizenship papers?"

Pup gave me a quizzical look. "What are those?" Bollocks...

"How the hells did you get in Tham?"

"I... walked in?" 

"Without getting caught!?"

"I could've been caught?"

Well... that answers that. So we are two illegals who snuck into the city, one through pure cunning, the other by pure dumb luck. Public acts of violence, public spell casting, reckless endangerment, possibly a murder charge if Duran croaks... we're rutting doomed. Unless we escape, there's no chance we're going free. Even then, escape charges will make shite worse.

"You ok Scrapper?" No Pup, I'm not. My mind is running in circles trying to figure out any loopholes out of this. I ain't a master of law, but obviously illegal shite is not lost on me. We have no money to bribe or pay a bail to get out of here cleanly. My short lived stint being the hero is ending as a tremendous disaster adorned with absolute disappointment. 

I'm debating reducing myself to begging for the gods to send me hope. Though, I know how famously that has worked for me in the past. Still, a miracle isn't something I wouldn't be adverse to accepting. Otherwise, I got nothing. I sighed in defeat. No use draining myself further trying to solve this problem. At least for the remainder of the night. 

"Let's try to get some sleep." As if on cue, I seemed to summon a yawn from Pup, which in turn set off one of my own. Don't you just hate that? One does it and it becomes a domino chain reaction. Anyway, perhaps I'll be able to think clearly in the morning.

"Ok..." Pup's response definitely had a tinge of worry to it. Rightly so. 

"Don't worry." I gave him a lazy, yet reassuring nuzzle to his side with my snout. Best I can do for him now. "I'll figure something out. I've survived this long with my own strength, I can keep doing it." It was a bold lie, an empty promise that I'm unsure that I can keep. But I had to keep his spirits up... at least for my sake.

Pup gave me another, gentle squeeze with arm before sleep quickly claimed him. Poor kid, just how much exhaustion was he hiding behind his bravado? Kid, that's my job to put on the brave face... 

"It'll be fine... Pup..." It didn't take long for me to surrender to slumber. Tomorrow is a new day... I suppose...

<-O->

"Sir! You cannot just barge in here!!"

"Step aside, you dismal dullard!! Oh dare you address me so commonly!!"

Eeeeeh-nnnn-yeeehh... who in the hells is this loud so early in the morning? Such clamor could wake the sodding dead. I reluctantly stirred out of my little cranny I made in Pup's anatomy. Ugh, fantastic... a stiff neck. Though, a couple of stretches and cracks let it loosen up.

"Scrapper... what's going... on?" Looks like the wake up call drove him out of slumber too. 

"Dunno..." I approached the bars of the gate to see what was going on. Pup lazily followed suit, curious as I was to this new event in this otherwise boring gaol. "Whatever happens, let me take the lead."

"Ok..." Pup rubbed his eyes, looks like sleep still had some grip on him. C'mon, shape up. I might make something of this...

Down the hall, the large oaken doors that separated this prison from the rest of the building swung violently open. A sharply dressed man in adventurous leathers and linens marched on through with panicked legionnaires following right behind him. What... is going on? This isn't quite normal. Especially for a man who didn't quite appear to be a noble to stroll through a gaol like it was nothing. As the man neared our cell, his cerulean eyes locked immediately with mine. A spark flashed through his gaze and he quickened his pace. That stride had purpose and for some damned reason... it involved us? ... why?

His features became clear once he stood before our cell. He was a rugged, fit humie that exuded raw style that would make the women, married or not, quake with desire. Warm, burnished dark brown hair was styled with wild, yet fashionable waves that gave him the same, daring appeal his clothing gave off. A scruffy, yet strangely kept beard of short stubble adorned his strong jaw. While the orc soldier rivaled him in muscle, I could see Pup having the same lithe build as this man when he gets older. Despite admiring this rare, fine example of a humie, there was something I couldn't shake...

I know him from somewhere... but where?

The man's face melted into forlorn despair for the moment he looked upon us. Then it quickly twisted to rage as he whipped his eyes to the orc leader.

"This... these are abysmal, abhorrent accommodations!!" His voice, although laced with venom, had a harmonious tinge to it that further drives the fact I've heard it before. But where? "I demand you release them back into my care this instant!!"

Excuse me, what? 

The orc leader pressed through the rest of his bewildered men. The rest may be absolutely lost on how to handle him, but the orc seems steadfast to remain strong. 

"You speak for these two illegals?" That low voice betrayed nothing but disbelief in the humie's words. He still remained the one you shouldn't trifle with. And yet...

"Illegals!?" The humie erupted with theatrical arms to compliment his outrage. "How uncouth! These two are my precious pupils!! I just so happen to have their papers in my abode, freshly delivered from the Depot!"

The orc raised a skeptical, and incredibly bushy, eyebrow. "Pupils? These two are in your service?"

"But of course!! Don't you know of their glorious debut two weeks ago before Lassiter Fountain?" Huh, this guy knows about that performance? He could've been anywhere in that crowd but I didn't think it warranted merit past that day. Guess we were that good to be remembered.

"Can't say that I do." Figures the orc has absolutely no taste in entertainment. "You are aware these two were involved in a public altercation and the boy resorted to public spell casting?"

"Not a major surprise. They were assaulted by Duran Lebon, one of the most notorious thugs in this city. Of course he would attempt to extort from foreigners." He knows about that too!? Who the hells is this guy!? "It's no surprise my pupils fought to defend themselves. Maybe if your legion made the effort to clean up your underground criminal syndicates, this wouldn't have happened!!"

I could see the orc was growing increasingly livid with every word the man shot right back at him. His jaw clenched tightly, fists balled and at the ready to deck someone. This orc fought hard to resist giving into brutal urges. Can't blame him to be honest, I'd be doing the same thing if I were him.

As to why this mystery man was fighting for our defense, I have no sodding clue. However, I'm not against taking whatever help I can get to be free from here. I glanced over to Pup, only to find him mesmerized in pure confusion as to what is going on here. I'm right there with you boyo... but we have to capitalize on this when we can. I can't imagine the fates giving us another chance.

"How dare you speak to me like th-"

"Oh shove it, Thrak'Dahl." Damn that was a sharp cut of verbal jab that I can only dream of pulling off. Also, I guess this bloke is familiar with the legion enough to know names. "How dare you speak to me like this. How dare you question my word over anyone else's? I know you and your troops like to pretend you uphold the law here but-"

"I AM THE LAW!!" The orc known as Thrak'Dahl finally broke. His voice became akin to a dragon's roar. Echoes rang through the prison, commanding absolute silence from every ilm. Even his own troops shrank back from the intimidating bestial explosion of a royally pissed orc. The humie, however, proved to be unflappable. With a smug grin that crossed his lips, the man began clapping mockingly at the soldier's display of primal authority.

"What a wonderful war cry you have there. I'm sure it's an absolute riot with the troops." Ooh, this man's command of words and sarcasm was something else. Just that line alone withered away all terror Thrak'Dahl mustered up. 

"Unfortunately, I don't believe the common folk share such sentiments. Commanding through fear doesn't yield as much adoration or respect you believe you have. Maybe try smiling to give off a warmer impression. Be a little friendlier, y'know? Otherwise... well... I'm sorry... I think the people are more willing to trust me over you. But hey... that's the benefit of being Erik Kluser."

WHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTT!?!?!?!?!?!?!? HE'S Erik Kluser!? THE Erik Kluser!?!? That's how I know him! Everyone in Tham knows him!!!

Why in all the gods forsaken hells and realms is he here out of all people!?!? I HAVE to be dreaming, this isn't right in the slightest!!!

Current Funds:
 
Total:
 
167 Trinity Copper
46 Trinity Silver
3 Trinity Gold
 
Valuable Possessions:
1 Memento Amulet (Value = 1 Trinity Gold)
 
Allies:
Jayce "Pup" Marduul
-Human Mage
Marketable Talents:
-Tribal Song and Dance
-Children's Level Arts and Crafts