Chapter 12 - This Charming Man

The confident and harsh truth of Erik Kluser's words were enough to both infuriate and put the orc legionnaire in his place. Thrak'dahl's bold lips pursed violently to cover both his intense fury and his species' iconic tusks. For the brief moment, he just looked like a muscle headed green knife-ear. Though, the ears are going the wrong way compared to elves, but whatever. Part of me was amazed that Thrak'dahl contained himself enough not to draw his sword and cut Kluser down right then and there. Hells, I fell safe betting all the money I had that the orc wanted nothing more than to do so. Yet, he restrained himself with what had to be godly discipline. So, this is the power a celebrity holds over the law... unnerving...

While the two bickered about our fate... well, more like Kluser wiping the floor with the orc in a battle of word and wit, Pup leaned over to me. Oh right, he had to be absolutely lost in all this.

"So... who is this man?" He whispered with a rather impressive sense of discretion. Thankfully, he had the foresight to proceed with that caution. Well, for as flimsy a reason as to say we're a bard's pupils. Anyway, I am in no way shocked that he didn't know about Erik Kluser. However...

"I'll tell you later." Now was not the time for introductions, not when a possible avenue of escape was available. "Just pretend you know him and that everything he says is true."

"Like we usually do?" I nodded, I taught him well in the art of lying through your teeth. So proud of him.

The orc's piercing, yellow eyes darted over to us. Shite, did he notice us conspiring here? Damn, he must have good hearing... I just brandished a goofy smile that screamed "I'm not doing anything shady but I'm totally doing something shady."

"Hey-hey-hey! Eyes upon me when I'm speaking." Kluser snapped his fingers to draw Thrak'dahl's attention away from him. Gods and heroes, they have to be watching us like hawks. At least the bard is fully aware enough to keep control of all this. Granted, I can't imagine the orc being dumb enough to buy Kluser's claims, even if he is a brute. "Absolutely rude, you should know better, Thrakie."

"Call me that again and I'll have your tongue mounted above my mantelpiece." Oh, orc boy here just gets pissed at about everything. Though, I'm starting to note that these two share a rather... unique familiarity. That, or Kluser has the scrote to poke the beast relentlessly.

"Oh~ I'm absolutely quaking..." and the bard's dry sarcasm deflates whatever intimidation was mustered up yet again. It's rather funny to see such decisive blows. The orc's pride must be battered pulp by now after getting trounced repeatedly, by a humie no less. Kluser lazily sighed has his own patience was evidently starting to wear thin. Strange, he appeared to enjoy verbally jabbing Thrak'dahl left and right. "I tire of insulting you, despite being a favored pastime. So I'll ask, nay, demand once more: release the two back into my care."

"Absolutely not." Shite on a sodding witch's tit! Just let us go ya green skinned bastard! "No matter what excuse you can devise Kluser, they still violated the law."

"Right, because somehow the instinctual act of self-defense is a violation of legality! I suppose you expected they should've taken a knee before a boorish criminal, which I might add that you still flounder about pitifully to capture until now."

Thrak'dahl paused momentarily. Hells, did he actually notice the good point Kluser made? "That was not what I was insinuating but-"

"But nothing, you stubborn oaf! You cannot take away a mortal's right to survive! Self-defense is self-defense, regardless of the means being sword or sorcery!"

"The lad could've-"

"The lad would've done nothing to harm the innocent. My pupil's technique of the arcane fist is well practiced since the day he began to walk upon the earth!" Shite... Kluser noticed that too? Has he been stalking us for these two weeks? Creepy. "Hells, it's thanks to his valiant efforts that he assisted your clumsy lot to finally apprehend Duran!"

"If he survives." That grim comment was the first in this silly argument that Kluser was silenced by the legionnaire. "We needed Duran to lead us to Relius." Surprise surprise, you guys are aware of Relius. Good, that bastard does need to hang. "Because of the boy's actions, our plans may be jeopardized. Self-defense or not, the boy may have gone too far. That is a law you cannot argue your way through Kluser." Well... shite. That does throw everything out the window. My heart plummeted into my gut. If Duran croaks, then Pup and I can kiss our freedom goodbye. Great, Pup and I will rot in this gaol if they haven't the decency to execute us before then. Hells, last night was torture alone with the frigid air. Oh, and I'll note that we've yet to been given even a meager meal! So they'll let us suffer, I'll bet my coin on it. Let's not even entertain whatever could be going on through Pup's head, I highly doubt he's killed before. What will the idea that he killed someone do to his feeble mind? Dammit. His association with me led him to murder... The gods will not be kind on me, that's for sure. I led a child to damnation. Wonder what the punishment is for that.

Silence veiled upon us as Kluser and Thrak'dahl glowered at each other. Time became a lost concept as this suffocating aura of two men silently staring at each other. What was probably only minutes felt like hours before Kluser finally made his move. He reached for one of the couple of leather pouches affixed to his belt and undid the clasps. Swiftly, he tossed the free container at the orc. The orc made no attempt to try and catch it. The pouch clashed against his breastplate before falling to the ground before his sabatons. All the while, a cacophony of the familiar clinking metals perked me right up. Coin! I could just snag it if you guys don't want it...

"A bribe?" Chortled the orc. "Never would I thought I'd see the day you'd resort to such lows."

"It's not a bribe you basic dullard! As if I'd sully my stature to such unsavory methods." That was a sniping arrow of a retort for Kluser. "It is but a gracious donation to pay for better skilled clerics to save Duran so you may resume whatever your feeble mind considers a master plan against Relius." Huh, good plan. Relius had been becoming an issue that the legion cannot ignore. My hide would know, but we don't talk about that. This offering that totally is not a bribe would aid them in saving Duran after becoming a re-burned victim.

"Such a thing won't be necessary." What? Thrak'dahl lazily kicked the pouch back to the bard. "No cleric would arrive in time." Load of shite, it's barely been a day! Even a two-bit cleric should be able to keep a dying man living for about a week! Surely they could find a good one in the city. Even ask Pup to do it, he'd probably do it for free.

"Oh, such insight for the first in the morn'. You're absolutely right..." Kluser took in a swath of air, if only to apply dramatic effect for his debate pacing. "If it was only for that scenario. It's already come to my knowledge that Duran is quite stable and you have no need for clerics." Thrak'dahl poorly stifled a stunned choke. Oh, so Duran is fine!? You son of a whore, you forced me into a panic attack over naught! "You lot are sod awful at concealing things. Leaves no suspenseful mystery whatsoever. Seriously, try to adorn some lovely curtains to conceal his open cell. I recommend velvet." A devious grin slipped across Kluser's lips. "It takes very little to force your hand to reveal the truth. You know you can't bullete shite me. You have no grasp on the craft. Had you a modicum of it, you would've taken the coin to add some credence to your claims."

The orc clicked his tongue. "Why must you be difficult? A scoundrel such as yourself as no sway here. I will not budge on the matt-"

"Shall I inquire for Duke Lassiter's aid then?" Immediately Thrak'dahl shut his mouth and nary a peep was uttered. In fact, I could swear the color began to drain from his face. No surprise honestly. Even I know the weight of such a proclamation. Duke Lassiter is the head of the humie household that runs the entertainment district of Tham. Since Kluser is a prestigious entertainer that resides in that district, it comes to no surprise that he rubs elbows with the Duke.

The Lassiter family has been rising to power at an overwhelming rate with the wealth they receive from that district's taxation. It was no secret of their alarming growth could earn him a seat on the Trinity after ousting a weaker family. That weaker family being the orc family whose military contributions have peaked and their growth is stagnant. For Kluser to wave such a threat... Lassiter must have enough power to pull legal strings. Would've been nice if you started with it, we could've saved so much time!!

The twitching fibers of flesh and muscle displayed Thrak'dahl's reluctance to give into the bard's demands. That just proved the threat had real weight, regardless on whether he believed Kluser's previous claims or not. I had to wonder why the humie was that adamant on having us released. Not that I'm complaining.

"Release them." The orc ordered through ferociously clenched teeth. His other guards snapped out of their bewilderment as newfound confusion set in. Before they could even reply, the orc snarled like a raging animal. "RELEASE THEM!!"

Bumbling in fear, the guards finagled with cell keys to open the gate before tending to Pup's neck brace. The horrific clutter of that offending piece of neck-wear revealed that was much heavier than it looked. I glanced to the lad, seeing him just absolutely lost in the moment and stared off into planes unknown. Even the the obvious prospect of freedom didn't seem to click with him. I don't know why, but I reached for the closest digit on his fleshy hand and gave it a reaffirming squeeze. Maybe it was to assure him things are good. I dunno. Thankfully, it seemed to snap him out of his stupor as both his gaze and mind returned to the here and now. There's the glimmer in his eyes, we good now.

Kluser on the other hand was absolutely tickled. That grin had spread to a full blown, ego driven smile that definitely was exaggerated to rub it in Thrak'dahl's face. "I'm so elated that you saw things my way. T'would be a shame if the Duke heard about the barbaric abuse you unleashed on my pupils."

"Sod off Kluser." Barked Thrak'dahl. "Know this: should these two cause anymore trouble... I'll have your head."

"Verily. I leave you with my love, Thrakie."

"BEGONE FROM MY SIGHT!!" Gladly, ya filthy boar mouth. Although I question the legitimacy of Kluser's motives, it is definitely the lesser of two evils handed to us. I silently motioned to Pup and we followed in tow of the celebrity bard who now has claim to our fates. We were quickly given our meager belongings and ushered out of the gaol. The intense urgency of ridding us was probably the result of the rest of the legion fearing what Thrak'dahl would do if he saw us still here. Once we were kicked to the curb, Kluser took the lead to wherever he planned to take us. Please let this not be a one dungeon into another ordeal...

<-O->

Listen up, I'm only going to tell you this once and there's a lot to take in. So this man, as you heard, is Erik Kluser. For anyone living in Tham, from the paupers to the nobles, you've heard his name, no excuse. He is heralded as a masterful entertainer who primarily wandered the realm before settling here once his reputation was started to soar. Actor, singer, musician, poet, orator, he covers a large gambit that most bards only handle a few acts. Not only is he a jack of trades in the arts, his written works hold critical acclaim and are performed realmwide. He's written the "Ode to the Fallen Church," "The Crumbling Titan of Yeshor," "Three Clicks for Lock Picks," and so on... What... I don't care that you haven't heard of them Pup! You come from a backwater land!!

Regardless his epics are highly sought after throughout the realm. Even just a parchment copy fetches high prices at auctions. Expect to be dropping more gold than you and I can even imagine. Let's not even talk about his personal performances. Those are literally impossible to get into if you're anything short of royalty. Ticket sales sell out within the hour and scalpers run rutting rampant for every show. Hells, I probably could've set myself for life if I could pull that off. However, Kluser is known to do impromptu public performances without warning so the lower classes have a chance to see him perform. Y'know, if they happened to be lucky enough to be at the right place at the right time. It's some sort of charity he likes to do, but even then it's a rare occasion.

As for the kind of man he is... well hard to say. Surface level, he maintains a theatrical persona that remains respectful to all his fans. Well, except Thrak'dahl. Otherwise he is beloved by the people for both the art and the artist. He doesn't seem to let his fame go to his head, but we did see a little different when it comes to our predicament. Who knows though, that could've just been him using his status against the orc. I still have no idea why... Huh? What do I think of him? He's one of the better looking soft-skins that's for sure. I've only seen one performance from yalms away which I did enjoy enough. Otherwise he's not really... enh? Really Pup? Ugh... yes... yes, you're one of the better looking soft-skins too. Can I continue?

He doesn't really talk about his past or family. It is believed he is descended from a line of bards but that's only because one other Kluser was a well known bard eons ago. In fact, Erik Kluser claims to be working on translating the only epic detailing the eyewitness accounts of the Birth of Dragons by this other Kluser. No, I don't think you'd be able to translate, Pup. You can't even read Trade. Other than that, he keeps anything non-bard related to himself. Can we trust him? 

Good question. I have no idea of his motives so... be on your guard.

"Then I would be delighted to enlighten you of my intentions~" Kluser musically chimed in, which made me panic about exactly how much he heard of that. We were waiting outside the Dripping Priest while Kluser was supposedly working to rent out the entire place for the remainder of the day. Yes, I may have coerced Pup into passing on my desire for this place when Kluser offered a free meal. "You two are quite adorable, but even more so a curious spectacle to behold."

"Uh..." Panicking! "Kobold no know things!" Smooth...

Kluser just let out a hearty chuckle. "It appears you take after Thrakie in the art of acting. Trust me, I'm well aware that you're a learn'd kobold. Shall we take this conversation inside?"

I swallowed hard and reluctantly agreed. At least I'll get a good last meal unlike the nothing the gaol provided. Pup and I followed the bard into the familiar den of wondrous food and drink. It was still the warm and cozy tavern that I've grown to love. The pyre was freshly stoked and the heat covered the wood and cobble with a delicate, blanketing aura of ease and comfort. The knife-ear proprietor was still here, but mentally seemed gone at the glorious prospect of having the Erik Kluser rent out the place. He'll be bragging about this for the ages. Well, the proprietor seemed alert enough to lock up the place for privacy before leading us to a center table just close enough to the fire for ample light and warmth... and maybe tossing us in.

"Order whatever your hearts' desire." Insisted Kluser. "There's naught that I won't-"

"GOLDENBROOK ALE!!!!" I slammed my hands against the oaken table with furious desire to accompany my spazzing out of an order. I even seemed to catch Kluser off guard with that outburst.

"I... eh-excellent taste..." Was all he could muster before resuming to collect our orders. Pup and I ordered the venison meals that complimented our first meeting. The bard, however, ordered a more modest roast pheasant meal. Eh, I can never get satisfied off bird, doesn't seem to stick with me for long. Once the proprietor rushed off to place everything, silence held heavy over us. It was awkward silence, yet not the one I can say I've ever encountered. Pup and I watched in synchronized confused as Kluser fumbled with his personal effects. From one of his satchels, he claimed a leather bound journal, a pot of ink, and a quill. Huh... not quite what I was expecting here. The paranoid side of mine that seems genetic for all 'bolds figured he was going to pull a knife on us. Doesn't make any sense... but then again, this doesn't either.

"So~" the bard hummed along as he rhythmically dipped the quill into the ink pot. "Indulge me on your story."

"Wh-what?" Was the first reaction to blurt out from my maw. My story? Why the hells would anyone wanna know that, let alone the Erik Kluser? Was... was that the whole point of all this? The bard just motioned me to continue when silence outgrew his patience for answer. He really wanted to know my deal? It's so mundane for someone to make such an intense effort for... which further compounded the burning question: "Is that why you bailed us out?"

"Indeed." Kluser flipped through some pages to sections that had written notes. "Two curious sights of a kobold and a lad in cahoots. The former, learn'd and robust with health... very uncharacteristic for one of her race. The latter, a lad of unknown ethnicity following what is perceived as a lesser creature. No offense my dear." Arsewipe. "Who just recently displayed a queer method of magicks unseen to my knowledge..."

Well... he had a decent idea of who were are... Kind of unnerving that I wasn't aware of his presence for this long. "How long have you been stalking us?"

"Observing!" He snapped defensively. Huh, Kluser definitely gets his pantaloons in a twist when his sketchy actions were called out. Note to self. "I've been observing the two of you since you arrived in the theater district with nothing but a spontaneous dance routine and a shoddy bucket."

Wait... why note...? Then it clicked with me. "You were the one who set that up, weren't you?" It had to be him, I dropped it when Pup forced me into that dance. 

A smile crossed his artistic face. "Guilty~ I must say, you're quite sharp to figure that. But indeed, I was the one to begin the monetary collections. Why let such talent go unrewarded?"

"I wouldn't really say-"

"Thank you for your generosity!" Pup cut my dry rebuttal with his overly polite gratitude. Kluser just beamed with tickled ego, something that I didn't really want to give him in this oddball interview. Not until I got a better grasp of his intentions.

"Dammit Pup..." I grumbled irritably. I rubbed my temple with a single claw with the fleeting hope of killing this growing headache of frustration. 

“Huh? Wh-what'd I do? I was just-”

“I know what you're doing!” Oh... and the headache grows... “But this isn't the time to pat the belly of a stranger...”

“Pat? I'm not touching his-”

“FIGURE! OF! SPEECH!” Annnnd full blown migraine. Ignoring the glass I was given, I reached straight for the bottle of Goldenbrook and began the chug. That sweet warmth of tingly liquor... I can feel your embrace slowly take me. Gods, save me now... or at least let me black out with some sort of dignity. 

Kluser chuckled into his glass of wine before taking a modest sip. “You two are quite adorable. Such banter! Such chemistry! The perfect duo for the tale of mysteries you keep from me!”

“Well... I'm SOOOO glad you're entertained bard boy.” I slurred with jarred anger coated with the slight spin of alcohol's wheel. Hmm, should I just dive full in and get piss drunk... nah... I got a Pup to take care of... crud. “You bailed us out for this, right? A dinner show?”

“No, but it is quite the nice bonus.” Oh quit enjoying this ya soft-skin. Kluser flipped through his journal to the first blank page available. “I do desire to know your story. Pray that it is entertaining.”

“Why would that matter?”

“To see if it's worth my effort to go through all this trouble.”

“Why even do so?”

“I want to learn of your plight.” 

“I know already that. Can you give a straight answer? Or do you just speak in vague?”

“Depends on if you give me a good story.”

“Rut you.” That was meant to stay in my head, but the ale definitely loosened my tongue. Shite... I need to be careful then. If I can control my words, I can be careful with what Kluser knows about us and-

“What do you want to know?” Gods. Dammit. Pup. The boy is much looser with his tongue sober than any drunk I know. I fear what he would be like even when slightly tipsy.

“Pup... shut up...” The boy immediately uttered a crestfallen apology when that venomous hiss escaped my mouth.

“Pardon me, is your name indeed “Pup”?” Huh, guess you don't know that much, eh Kluser? 

“Yes.” I grunted. No way I'm letting him know his ridiculous name.

“No.” retorted Pup. Ruin my fun why don't ya? “My name is Marduul Jayce for la Tonza.” The bard just raised a quizzical eyebrow at that name. “Oh! In Trade that means Jayce Marduul of the Tonza Tribe.”

The bard appeared to be at a loss of words. “Is... is that truly your name?”

Pup nodded enthusiastically. “Uh-huh!”

Kluser scratched the name down into his journal. The quill danced swiftly with the practiced talent of a bard needing to catalog passing events faster than they could resolve. Once the name was written, the humie just stared intently at it. A small hum of contemplation... then his lips pursed and brows furrowed.

“Hmm... the title makes you sound important...” Hey! I said the same thing! “Not that fitting for a kobold's squire just starting out in this play.”

“B-but I'm not a...”

“Alas!” Kluser cried, ignoring the foundation of Pup's plea. “I shall call you Pup as well!!”

“Wha? Aw come on~!!” Heh, Pup's whining was kind of precious in odd way. The way his eyes widen with childish fussiness... how his pout comical juts out that lower lip... that complete drop of practiced composure that brings him back to being a lad. It all makes him look like a little, well, pup begging you for your affection. Maybe I'll pick on him some more to... eh? 

Through the corner of my eye, I could see Kluser subtly observing me while enjoying his own take of Pup's tantrum. There was a quick flash of deviance in the bard's eyes. Shite, he wasn't enjoying Pup's outburst... he caught me enjoying it. … you saw nothing bard boy. Nothing! A low, mischievous laugh rolled from the bard's throat. Like, that was not the normal laugh of a man entertained. No, no, no... that laugh was one of someone who learned a dirty secret, the holy grail of saucy gossip. I would know, knife-ear women did it ALL the time when talking about men. Actually, a lot of times about Kluser. Banish such thoughts, you'll get nothing because there is nothing here.

"Enough of such distractions, back to the story at hand. Pray, Ser Pup, what are you two up to?" Excuse me, why the hells are you asking him? Aren't I the boss in this whole thing here? Why aren't you trying to get the story out of me? Not that I'll tell you anythi-

... oh.

"I'm helping Scrapper earn money." Pup spilled the truth through his pursed lips. He was still grumpy, but he had to be raised as such a good boy to never disrespect an elder. Well... those he didn't perceive as a threat. 

"Just money...?" Kluser's theatrical flair deflated harder than a lustful man mistaking the sex of a dwarf.  With a heavy sigh, the bard closed his journal in defeat. "That seems so... basic... not the plot of a wondrous tale..."

"Sorry to disappoint you then." Not really, but I was getting irritated with dealing with these two while waiting for my damn food. Sure, I'm grateful for getting bailed out of gaol, but I'm not your personal jester to live a life of glorious epics. Eat my tail casing soft-skin.

"No, wait! It's not that simple!!" Huh, it's not? Last time I checked, earning money is nothing to sing to the people about. "Scrapper needs loads of money to become a dragon!" Oh gods dammit. Forgot again. Now it was my turn to get the questioning gaze of the bard.

I lazily shrugged. "Just let him have it." Eh, it's the least I could give Pup. Let the lad dream. That and I'm at the point where I stopped caring about what shite he says to Kluser. Since he was unimpressed by us trying to earn coin, not much else about us would be worthwhile to keep secret or exploit. 

"Riiiiiiight... just how much does one need to... 'become a dragon?'" Pup seriously pondered that... well, we never did agree on a target number. Which, if I'm gonna be honest, even if we did, it still wouldn't be enough.

"Uh... how much is a dragon horde?" 

"Why... enough to own this entire city and beyond, I suppose. However, even then, dragons don't have any feasible limit to-" Kluser's words faded from my conscious as I hung onto the idea he just suggested. Owning the city... Pup suggested something similar with owning a business of my own to continue letting coin flow in... but... why stop there? If I owned this city... oh gods... that changes everything. My mind wandered malms away from whatever pointless conversation the two were having. I have better things to ponder my horns on.

To own this city would be to not only own the people to rule over, but I'd own the four families as well... hells, even the Trinity. Their wealth would spill into mine. The people's earnings would sprinkle into mine. I would just be smelting coin on pure taxation alone! Yes... YES!! Wait... no... not quite. People are ignorant, but not completely brainless. Sure, I could tax the shite out of everyone, but I know that would just get them right pissed and revolt. We've had some issues with that in the past. Hells, that caused the spike in crime. Relius and other scumbags swooped in to prey on the disillusioned wanting ways around losing money... only to lose much more.

Also, with a kobold at the helm, it would take even less to offend the populace. Nonononono... I'm greedy, but not stupid... no, I would need to have a careful touch. Slight taxation reduction... removal of the vile chaff... expansion... Yes, careful adjustments, ones that would get the people to depend less and less on the families and the Trinity. That would be the right, caring touch for the people to accept a kobold ruler. Maybe even respect one. Love one. Love. Heh, it would be nice, nay, euphoric to be revered for once in my sad life. Kinda tired of dealing with the bullete shite I've dealt with these nineteen years. 

Then there are the multitudes of self indulgent luxuries to consider. No longer would I lay on deathly cold floors! A warm hovel, wait, palace adorned with marble statues! Masterwork paintings! Plush rugs of the finest textiles. A bed, an ocean of premium down and comforting veils of blanket! Wait! Clothes! Luxurious fabrics custom tailor to flaunt my newfound beauty! Oh, I could prattle on and on and on if only I didn't realize I was starting to channel Kluser's pompousness. Huh... maybe wealth brings that out of someone. Hon-hon-hon... nah, can't do that laugh. Whatever, back to the topic on hand!!

Own the city. Rule the city. Endless coffers of coin and infinite cries of adoration! Oh, a girl quakes. I want this! I need this!! This is my calling! My destiny!!!

"Um, madame Scrapper?" Enh? Reality set back in as the mix of Kluser calling out to me, Pup gently nudging my shoulder, and the fragrance of our meals met my nose. Uh... how long was I out for? "While I wholeheartedly agree that the food is appealing with divinity, mayhap you wish to attend to your drooling." Sod that, I have more pressing concerns.

"The city." I uttered drunkenly. 

"Pardon?" 

I slammed my claws to the oaken table. The clatter of plates and tankards echoed throughout the tavern as I probably almost flipped the damn table over.

"I want this city! With every coin that these claws of mine touch will add to a growing power that this city has never seen! I WILL OWN THIS CITY!!!" Just saying that aloud sent chills throughout my scales. I quake. Never before in my life have I wanted something with every fiber of my being. It's as if every ilm of my body was in accordance with my mind and heart. All three wanted this. My entirety longs for this. I would dare say even lusts for it.

Kluser's eyes met mine. I stared back at him only to have the same amount of intensity reflected back. He didn't look upon me with disbelief or ridicule. No, it was the gaze that he had been subtly slipping by this entire time. The careful observation of every minute detail of his subject. That was the glare testing to see if my conviction had any steel behind it. He wanted to see any betraying twitch, the loss of tenacity, the visage of baseless claims. A smug grin slowly escaped my maw. I won't break. Hells, I could feel my confidence swell like a raging fire claiming more and more tinder to burn.

The bard reflected my expression. That smile of his definitely told all, no words were need. With quiet acceptance, the bard reclaimed his journal that he must've packed away when things appeared moot. Flick, flick, flick go the pages. Dip, dip, dip goes the quill.

"Now we have a story."

Current Funds:
 
Total:
 
167 Trinity Copper
46 Trinity Silver
3 Trinity Gold
 
Valuable Possessions:
1 Memento Amulet (Value = 1 Trinity Gold)
 
Allies:
Jayce "Pup" Marduul
-Human Mage
Marketable Talents:
-Tribal Song and Dance
-Children's Level Arts and Crafts