Chapter Thirteen: Once in a Lifetime
 
“It was pretty cruel for you to slip ale into Pup's drink.”
 
“Oh hush, it builds character.”
 
“The milk drinker is still a wee lad!! He doesn't need to worry about that yet!!”
 
Our meal was going fine and dandy until Pup clonked out cold without warning. Well... ok, that's not entirely true. Pup was acting more of a childish pest than usual as I was catching Kluser up to what our story was. Maybe I was too fixated on carefully picking what I wanted the bard to know. Maybe I had trouble remembering what Pup's deal was before meeting me. Maybe I was still having the hardest time figuring out what the hells Kluser was writing in his silly little journal. Whatever, all I can say is that I didn't notice Kluser feeding ale into Pup's tankard over the course our meal. Thankfully, the boy lasted until we finished our food... sure as hells wasn't going to let that go to waste. However...
 
“What was the point of getting Pup piss drunk?” I don't know what irritated me the most. The fact that Kluser got him drunk, that Pup is an overly enthusiastic and affectionate drunk, or that I was left carrying the boy home on my own. Oh what Kluser, you too famous to sully yourself in carrying a drunk peasant boy? Rut you, the lad is at least a falm taller than me!! I can't get his feet off the cobble!!
 
“Because I thought it would be amusing to see.” Kluser punctuated his amusement with a practiced chuckle that I was starting to believe was a trademark of his. That laugh of his was both charmingly pleasant and mischievously deceptive. “It did not disappoint.”
 
“Bullete shite!” Sometimes kobold paranoia was pretty good at figuring out when someone was lying to me. Or at least eventually that feeling would be right once in a while.
 
“Heh.” A single, amused huff that seemed more foreboding than a threat would've been. Yup, paranoia was justified. “Indeed, it wasn't the ultimate goal. Nay, the boy is precious but he is just that, a boy. I needed such innocence set aside for you and I to converse as adults.”
 
“Not sure if I like the sound of that, bard.” Despite lugging Pup like a sack of drunken potatoes, I could still manage to brandish my middle claw to prove a point. I am quite willing to drop the lad face first into the cobble in order to flay this son of a whore's face off. Both acts would please me greatly.
 
Kluser waved a dismissive hand as if that would calm my blooming rage. “It is not as dire as you think it to be. I simply want us to talk frankly without the lad being any the wiser.”
 
“Why does that matt-”
 
“Because I know you've been hiding information from me. I believe it is fair to assume you hide it from him as well.”
 
“Y-you... you've nothing to prove it.” I really wish I didn't stammer on that, it just makes me even guiltier of his claims. Well... I am very guilty of those claims.
 
A chortle squeezed out his throat. “Milady Scrapper, while you may be well practiced in manipulating the common folk into sharing coin out of pity...” His voice dropped from the soothing melodic flow to this darkened haze of pressure... it sent stabbing shivers through my spine. “I am far more skilled in deception, both in the act and the recognition of such efforts.”
 
While he held himself with such comfortable slack, I'm starting to see the careful calculation behind everything this man does. I had my suspicions that he's been playing me from the start. However, it took me this long to realize just exactly how he was playing me. This isn't the normal deception I'm used to from the likes of Duran. Kluser wasn't trying to trick me into saying what he wanted to hear. Or threaten me to get such results. Entrapment... No no no... that's standard manipulation. Nor did conversation go that way.
 
After I warmed up to the idea, everything we talked about he took in without question or protest. In fact, the talk wasn't that bad, even with Pup getting drunk. The bard would scribble away notes as I revealed what Pup and I were up to, the idea of taking over the city, nearly everything I could think of and wanted to share. Kluser was rather charming and decent to talk to... but that was his game. The bard used his playful charm to listen to what I WASN'T saying. No mind trick questions, no engagement to trip up my words or poke holes in my stories. He just listened and appeared to take everything I said as if it was complete fact. It didn't matter that I held information from him or how I did so, Kluser could pick up on the fact that I conveniently crafted tales to avoid such truths. And it wasn't like my lies were that obvious. I ain't that dull in the head. My tricks would've and have worked on folks like Duran.
 
“Son of a... shite...” I heaved a defeated sigh. I could continue to dance circles of half truths but Kluser is quite able to match those steps. It quickly dawned on me that it would be a wasted effort to continue this deception. The bard will pick up on the missing, silent statements and press issues once he's softened my guard and this would just repeat ad nauseam until he drained me of everything that I have to tell. Sod it, I'm not in the mood to continue the game. "Fine. What do you wanna know? How I got into the city? What I was doing before I came here? My true name? Take your pick, soft-skin."
 
Kluser was taken aback with such abrupt frankness. I took in the minute solace that I could knock the bard off kilter every now and then. At least I can maintain some level of control here. Though, I expected him to be scrambling for his journal to dictate every single dirty secret I had to offer. The bard did no such thing. All he offered was a quick clearing of his throat and a tickled grin after recollecting himself. Well, that was partially what I expected, but that lack of preemptiveness was... odd to say the very least. Huh, guess we're both skilled in surprising the other.
 
"As much as I would relish an offer of complete disclosure, such an opportunity would have naught to capitalize on." The bard shrugged lazily and all his air of all-important dominance left with it. "At least for now."
 
"You are the oddest humie I've ever met." I flexed my shoulders to not only readjust the passed out lad draped over me, but to call attention to him. "And that's considering I have this lad hanging on my tail."
 
"Perhaps." Gods, his dismissive evasions are pissing me off. "But this really isn't my angle I'm hustling."
 
I raised a curious, spiked brow. "So, what is your angle? I'm tired of this puppeteer shite you're playing."
 
Kluser sighed heavily. "I suppose I did drag this on for far too long." The man bowed humbly before me which was an absolute first in my life. Huh, seeing a dommie display this sort of respect to me... my scales tingle... Keep doing it. "So I shall be forthright. All these pretenses and conversational fencing were to see just how much of an engaging character you are. You do not disappoint."
 
Well, I'm glad I never fail to entertain. "You ARE aware that I am a living creature and not an actor in your play?" Arse.
 
"Yet."
 
"W-w-whu?"
 
"Heh, allow me to explain, my dear!" Oh great, that progressive, orchestral swelling of his voice only meant one thing: unnecessary theatrics. "I've been on a quest to seek out inspiration for my latest work. However, day after day, night after night, my muse has not responded to my pleas for inspiration to strike my being to the very core! Alas, I have been left astray with nary a note to jot or refrain to sing! Indeed, it has been most frustrating to be without such creativity in what felt like eons!! That is until the day you and your squire declared your presence with a daring performance in the Theater District!"
 
Highly doubt anyone would call it "daring." More like "idiotic." Nobles tend to love seeing lowly creatures humiliate themselves for coin. It's almost a fetish for them.
 
"When mine eyes gazed up you and your currently passed out lad, I just knew that you had an epic tale to tell! For you to embark on a quest of economic growth and concoct designs to rule over this city." Well, that was really you feeding me that idea, but I'm totally fine with pretending it was all me. "Yea, my muse and good fortune have delivered ye upon me and I have found my calling! I shall be the one to chronicle your epic for countless of generations to come!!"
 
"Gonna have to stop you there, bard boy. Who's gonna give a damn about a story of a kobold?" There was a harsh pang a self loathing that dropped in my gut. Truth hurts.
 
Kluser let a grin slowly slip across his perfectly grizzled face. "Have you forgotten who I am, my new friend? I'm the one who can make the misery of a leprous whore a romantic comedy and sell out theaters for years to come." Won't lie, I'd go see it. "I am the great Eric Kluser, Bard of bards. Every piece I pen is celebrated unanimously throughout the realm!"
 
"Until you have a bout of writer's block."
 
The bard chortled. "Harsh, but true."
 
It finally dawned on me what all his bluster and overly dramatic misdirection was about. "So your whole game is just to use me to save your career?"
 
"We-we-heh-ell... I wouldn't have put it like that..." Bullete's eye. "Yet, I suppose that, yes, those are my intentions. Though, I wagered that it would be more appropriate to consult and analyze you before proceeding with the idea. Y'know, to make sure everything was copacetic."
 
"I'm guess I'm grateful that you had such decency." Not really. "So you want to use my struggles as your own stepping stone to keep yourself relevant in the public eye?" Such venom was just spewing with my words. My patience with this humie was wearing thing.
 
"You wound me, fair maiden." Yeah, your honeyed words aren't going to work anymore. "I didn't say I wouldn't make this arrangement sweet for you as well."
 
I raised a quizzical, fringed brow. "Oh?"
 
Kluser inhaled, definitely getting his flair back up... wonderful. "In exchange for the exclusive rights to pen your epic, I shall offer my aid in your endeavors to achieve your own dreams."
 
"Keep talking, handsome..." I slyly replied in a terrible attempt to hide excited tingles coursing through my scales. Having Kluser help me out would be a tremendous boon.
 
"Hold on. I will not buy your way to the top." Sod it to rutting hells! "That would compromise the integrity of the plot progression and thus, create a bore of a story." Don't care! I want my shite now!! "However, I will give you the right, subtle graces here and there."
 
"Less games and more answers, bard! What does that mean!?"
 
He let out his infuriating chuckle. "The small things. A few coins to buy needed tools. Introductions to the right people. I could set you up, but it would be up to you to... 'cultivate the crops' so to speak."
 
Hmm... so he'll basically nudge me into the right paths. Buying start up gear would be incredibly helpful. Introducing me to people though? Hoo, gods... I can't even walk into most doorways here. With someone like Kluser vouching for me? Hells, people would have to listen to me whether they like it or not.
 
"You set me up and I gotta do the rest eh?" Kluser gave an affirmative nod. "As ideal as would be to just have it given to me, hells, I'm screwed as is when you softskins greet me by throwing me out into the streets."
 
"Truly, a tragedy of the willfully blind."
 
"Eh, if you knew what I know, it makes complete sense why we're seen as abominations." That was more of an unconscious slip of the tongue than I wanted to admit. Couldn't really worry about it as I was more concerned with subduing dark memories.
 
"It's up to you if you want to adhere to such expectations." Hmm, I doubt I have that choice. "As for the set ups, hopefully this arrangement is agreeable?"
 
"I'm not really in the position to ask for more, am I?"
 
"Unfortunately, the Bardic Code forbids me from doing anymore." Damn, that's right, they can't interfere too much for the project they work on. Or some stupid shite like that. "So the rest of the work must fall on you."
 
An exasperated groan rolled out of throat. I don't wanna do any work! Not when I have a celebrity at my beck and call now! "I suppose it's better than nothing..."
 
"Chin up, darling. I have every bit of faith that you'll exceed expectations."
 
"HA!" That single bark of laughter echoed throughout the city streets. "You overestimate me. Don't come crying to me when I fail miserably and ruin your epic."
 
"Triumph or tragedy, I'll still have an epic to produce." Sod... he's right. No matter what, he comes out with a win. So he'd either get a glorious epic of a kobold coming out on top against all odds or a dark comedy about the folly of lowly creature driven by hubris.
 
Well... "Sure, you have deal." Guess I may as well, I have very little to lose. Just a few coin and a drunk lad... speaking of...
 
Pup was still long gone to the realm around him. However, I failed to notice the trail of drool oozing from the mouth, down my shoulder his big head rested on, and staining the pathetic excuse of a chest wrap I wore. I'll give it to Kluser, he was good at distracting me from something that repulsive.
 
"Perhaps we should recess for you to tend to your ward." The bard chimed in cheerfully.
 
"This was your fault y'know."
 
"And aren't you his caretaker? Shouldn't you have kept an eye on him?" Smug cheeky arse rutter... I didn't ask to rear a soft-skin child. "There's naught to worry over. He'll be fine under your metaphorical wing."
 
"You place a little too much faith in me giving a damn about someone else."
 
"Do I?" Kluser eyed me with a disbelieving cock of his brow. Don't look at me like that, I could care little about this boy... I think. The bard gave a dismissive shake of his head and a nonchalant shrug. He took a momentary glance skyward. "It matters little now. The sun wanes and I must leave you to attend to a few matters of my own."
 
Wait... what? He's leaving? Like, leaving us alone? Yup, he's starting to walk away without a care. "The hells do you think you're going!? Ya gotta help me with Pup here!! You're responsible for this!!!"
 
"That is for you to forward that plot, my darling kobold~" Cram that whimsical chuckle up your arse! "You have your affectionately pet named boy to attend to." It's not a pet name, his name is too stupid and long to remember! "Just as I have my machinations to set into motion."
 
"Get your arse back here and help me carry Pup!!!" The bard just continued to dawdle on without caring for what I was demanding.
 
"I shall send for you once my chores are complete~" Oh, you're just purposely ignoring me now! "My gratitude for a lovely afternoon meal~"
 
"GET BACK HERE HUMIE!!!!" My only response to my unbridled rage was the fading singing of "Three Clicks for Lockpicks" until the man was gone from sight and sound.
 
...
 
So here I was, alone with a blacked out lad straddled upon my back. While I was graced with the boon of this healthier body, it still doesn't compare to the needed strength, let alone height, to carry Pup comfortably back to the rubble pit that I pathetically call home. My churning fury refused to quell. Sure, I'm not in gaol and I have a belly full of food... but that cocky bard found the ideal way to fully sully that divine blessing of good fortune.
 
"When I finally own this city, Kluser is the first to be executed." I muttered to no one in particular. I want that pretty bard's head upon my future mantle.
 
With a strained grunt, I shifted Pup's dead weight to a slightly less uncomfortable position and begun the dreadful walk home. If you can call barely holding up and dragging an unconscious body "walking."
 
As I've said before, I ain't a praying 'bold... but gods, please don't let anyone else see this.
 
<-O->
 
Ok, my prayers seemingly were answered, I made it to the second layer with little trouble outside of the physical complications of lugging Pup. I'm starting to thank my lucky stars for the string of improvements to my life. Sure, they're minute, but for a kobold, they may as well be divine intervention. If anything, I'm growing more convinced these events are indeed some external force at work. Someone must like me up there. Either that, or they adore setting hapless folk up to fall. Ech, calm that paranoia Scrapper, you're better than this.
 
The sun had finally fallen and the legionnaires made their rounds lighting torches. This civil task was pretty much one of the few times they gave a damn about the second layer. It was the bare minimum they could do to maintain the fragile stability before more attention was given for reconstruction.
 
"Nnnh..." Hmm? Seems Pup is finally coming to. I felt his head shift slowly against my right shoulder. "Wh... where..."
 
"Welcome back to the land of the living." That sarcasm came out to be a little meaner than I meant. But, sod it, I'm still annoyed at everything.
 
"Where..." His speech was still strained, but I could wager what his first hazy thoughts were. Not like I haven't been on a bender once or twice before.
 
"Second layer. Almost home." I kept things simple for him to understand.
 
"Don't... feel..." Oh boy, I could only guess what was gonna happen next. Especially when I could feel his chest lurch with organ spasms. Thankfully, we were upon a waterway so we could rest here. I set him down within reach of the water. He was going to need it before-
 
"HURGH!" Well sod... the boy retched immediately at the sudden movements I forced him through. Deftly, I was able to dodge the attacking vomit spew. Shite, it's like those tales of ethereal horrors that spin their heads and puke like they were casting spells. Thankfully, there was no head spinning but damn, did that bile fly.
 
"Into the waterway." Was all I could mutter as Pup periodically emptied the contents of his stomach. He was alert enough to get the message and proceeded to aim for the waters. I could care less about who was downstream. Unless it was Kluser. I hoped it was him.
 
"Why?" He managed to choke out between voids. That plea was tinged with the fear of a child who didn't understand his torturous ailment. First time eh? Poor kid. Guess you had to learn at some point in your life.
 
"Relax." I whispered as I instinctively reached out to rub his back. It was a little comfort I can offer. "This happens when you drink way too much ale."
 
"But... I didn't..."
 
"Blame the bard." I cut him off. I knew Pup didn't intend to drink alcohol after his first taste of ale. He only ordered fruit drinks that were a minor step above milkdrinker and he certainly wasn't aware of the bard's prank. Goldenbrook Ale did blend nigh seamlessly into other fruit based beverages. "This will pass..."
 
Another violent lurch followed by more vomit. Poor kid. Dumb as he is, he doesn't deserve to go through this particular hell. I continued to rub his back to hopefully provide what little relief I could. Hey, I know this just has to run its course... but well... something in me didn't enjoy seeing him like this.
 
I decide to sit beside him with my one arm still stroking his back. Made the gesture much easier on my own back. Though, this set off Pup to grasp at my tail like a child clinging to his mother. At first, I wanted to strike him for such, but that quickly vanished with some, unspoken understanding that he needed that security. Eh, I'll let him have it.
 
His retching eventually slowed down. Guess he finally emptied out, but how much did Kluser actually slip him!? Pup was a wreck of a sight after his ordeal. Through the soft glow of nearby embers, I could see the worn pale face of exhaustion adorned with grotesque smears of bile. Gross. The sight did remind me a little of when he depleted his mana when we first met. I sighed and tore off a scrap of roughspun cloth from my impromptu waistcloth. I desperately need something new to wear, I'm severely pushing decency here.
 
"Hold still, brat." I teased a little before wiping off the sick from his face. The boy shivered like... well... a kobold stuck out in the pouring rain. He's gonna need something to tide him over. Once I was satisfied with the clean up job, I tossed the defiled rag malms away to begone from sight and mind. Someone else could take care of that.
 
I cupped my hands to dip into the water, upstream from his dedicated spewing area mind you. The stream was frigid against my scales. Prickling pain poked across coldblooded flesh that I willed myself to ignore. It was a quick motion in reality, but that weakness seemed to prolong it. Once I had ample amount of water in my claws, it offered it before Pup's mouth.
 
"Drink." I commanded. "Before it all leaks out." Pup obediently complied and pursed his dried lips against my hands. A simple tilt and I easily drip fed him some much needed water. Actually, "drip" was an understatement as the boy pretty much inhaled the handful in one, greedy gulp. We repeated this process several times to keep him hydrated.
 
I could care little about this boy. Hmm, somehow part of me was calling that out as needless bravado. I'm a kobold, I don't care about anyone else. Right? Right, I can't have the karma of a dead, human lad on my shoulders. Hells, if I left him to die, it would be easy to trace him back to me. Especially after the legion knows who we are and with Kluser involved in the picture now. Then back into the gaol I go with no gift from the gods to save me again. Right, I'm only doing this to save my own hide. This is only to protect myself. Just keep telling yourself that. This is how a kobold lives. That was absolute fact...
 
... then why does that feel like an absolute lie?
 
"T-thank you, Scrapper." Pup's weak whisper of gratitude was enough to snap me out of my circle of self-doubt. Sod it, I'll worry about implications later. I have more pressing matters to attend to.
 
I shook my hands dry. Not like I had enough clothes left to be a viable hand towel. "No problem, boyo. Feelin' any better?"
 
"I... I don't feel like I'm dying anymore..." His breathing was haggard, though I could hear it very slowly become regular.
 
"Well, that's an improvement. Think you can make it back home?"
 
The boy gave a slow nod before weakly getting to his feet. His legs and knees rattled with depleted strength. This wasn't gonna end well. I sprung to my own feet just in time to catch him before his legs completely buckled. I'm just loving my improved reflexes here.
 
"Ok... not quite..."
 
"I... I can walk.." Lad, now is not the time to be stubborn. You're walking like a newborn deer.
 
"Hold onto me at least. As much as I would love to see you face plant, I need you to maintain that pretty mug."
 
"Heh... you called me... pretty."
 
"Shut up and gimme your hands." Despite the difference in height, I allowed him to hold and ease weight onto my shoulders. Sure, this arrangement made him look like an elder using that new quad cane contraption thing for walking. This was probably going to kill them for the morn, but at least it'll hold him up for the short ways left for our lovely rubble. I could deal with sore shoulders... however...
 
I craned my neck to look upwards to him. "Your morning hangover isn't gonna be fun."
 
Despite being physically drained, Pup still managed to give me that exaggerated, childish stare of confusion if his. "What's a... hangover?"
 
"Oh... you poor, poor bastard."
 
Current Funds:
 
Total:
 
167 Trinity Copper
46 Trinity Silver
3 Trinity Gold
 
Valuable Possessions:
1 Memento Amulet (Value = 1 Trinity Gold)
 
Allies:
Jayce "Pup" Marduul
-Human Mage
Marketable Talents:
-Tribal Song and Dance
-Children's Level Arts and Crafts