They didn't like it, but he felt like he had everyone he could want for a trip into the temple.

He also had Anza.

She glared up at him and folded her arms, the angry words he knew were in her head were easily replicated and relayed and he knew that he wasn't going to win the argument. After a long moment her expression grew a bit softer, the kobold stood up to place a kiss right on his forehead as a gesture of goodwill.

"I want you to stay out of the way where it is safe, I can't--"

Another kiss. "Quiet, husband. Anza know. Want husband stay quiet, not need for being found," she reminded him before looking the spellsword up and down. "All needs stay quiet."

Ruran sighed and started undoing his hauberk, but he glared at Zan and asked, "what 'bout him? Mail's one thing, but--"

Zan stood up and jumped in place, the plates refused to make the expected racket and instead sounded like fingers quietly rapping on a wool blanket. When the human seemed confused by the display, the kobold peeled up one of the bits of armor to reveal the pad underneath that kept it from loudly clattering against it's peers.

"Kzitzen not like ring, make big chingaching, not quiet," the little warrior explained. "Hulan learn kzitz quiet."

"Fine, what 'bout Thonvar squeakin' all over the damned place?"

"Anza fix," she replied, already on the job. "Make the slippery, elve not catch husband."

Truthfully she had already been hard at work on his armor whenever it wasn't on him and she had free time, he had noticed the thin strips of felt, wool, and even some pieces of velvet. They were placed under the hard plates woven together by the kobolds, apparently the strange dauvic material could be pierced with some hard effort by skyfire steel arrowheads. Cutting it was another matter, the plates had simply been left in their original shape and the decorative elements ripped free.

Demonic armor looked stupid in his opinion, the spikes, spines, blades, and studs made them look like evil insects. Thankfully those removed materials seemed to be metallic, maybe with some patience they could figure out how to reshape them over the winter.

Others followed Anza's example and used the strange wood-bound stick to slick up the leather they wore, the squeaks and groans were gone in short order. Kix retrieved the device and squirreled it away in one of her pouches, no doubt to avoid getting her horns knocked around if she lost it.

"How are we going to do this?" Reina asked. "I don't know how to fight, I should probably stay behind."

"No, we should stay close together," Thonvar sighed. "At least until the wagons arrive."

Ruran nodded and muttered, "gonna have'ta take care of those two outside, but get me close an' I know how to shut 'em up 'til we need 'em."

"Husband, kobold quiet," Anza reminded with a nod to Kix. "Trick the human."

He nodded and glanced over at Agziqoh's legs, seeing how tight she wrapped her large feet inspired him. Apparently of the same mind, she handed him some loose rags for his boots, the tight binding would be quieter since it absorbed and expelled little moisture. Thonvar knew this method and had used it before, worked better on grass, but the wet cobblestones had lost their snow and the hard soles of his boots would benefit from the muffling. Normally he wouldn't have bothered, but the stakes were higher when sneaking up on armed men.

Kobolds didn't need to silence their feet, Anza and Zan could control their unconcealed claws and Kix wore little mitten-like boots that covered her three toes and left the little dewclaw exposed. All of them still brushed the soles of their footwear off to clear any rocks, it made the humans remember to do the same.

"Reina, if you do not feel up to the task then stay back. Run if we do not succeed," Thonvar instructed before looking at Ruran. "How close do you need to be?"

"Close enough to touch. How 'bout you and muscles here do the holding, kobolds get the rope, I'll do the stunnin' to both the lads."

"Good plan."

Agzi nodded and stood up. "This one is ready for human huntings."

"Aye, anyone else need more time?" the spellsword asked.

Reina shook her head, Anza and Kix were already waiting with a rope while Zan's fist clutched some leather cordage.

So Thonvar led them up the incline to the top of the ridge, but they were greeted by the sight of a strange man walking up the opposite side. For a split second he was speechless and so were they, but with wide eyes he inhaled sharply to cry out an alarm.

Somebody thought fast and the man was downed by a stone that loudly bounced off his crushed face, the northerner didn't waste time looking back as he bounded down to the bottom. Ruran was right there with him, flanked by the sebekan female, and they sprinted hard to catch the Espean before he could get to his feet. Right away it was obvious that wasn't going to happen, the swarthy man stood fast and produced a pair of daggers from his belt.

Everything happened so fast, but Ruran was just a bit quicker on the draw. When the first knife whistled in he put his hand up and forced a translucent magical barrier to spring from his palm, the weight of the impact rocked the conjured obstruction. A second blade made it flicker out of existence, but they closed the distance faster than the swordsman could throw. Thonvar had already unhooked his scabbard, when the southerner tried to strike at his allies he was swinging the sheathed blade as hard as he could.

A quick parry from the dagger sent it flying and put his strike somewhere else. Ruran struck next, a blast of pink hit the warrior's chest with little effect, while Agziqoh struck out with her claws.

"Take him down!" growled the spellsword, thrusting his palm out.

Perhaps it was the close range, but the invisible wave rippled the air as it closed the distance and struck the swordsman hard enough to severely batter him. That was all she needed, the mighty huntress wrapped her giant paw around the man's neck and lifted him up with a growl. His arms and legs flailed helplessly as she brought him down hard on the stone pavers. He stopped moving just long enough for the kobolds to catch up, the leather binding went on as they stripped him of his sword and daggers.

"Look at me, lad," Ruran hissed, shaking the man by his collar. "How manys you got down there?"

"Too many for--" A punch silenced him and made him wince. "Stop!"

"I am leader here," Thonvar said as he stepped forward to look down. "Your fate is my decision, the rest of my warband will be here soon and I wish to know how long this will take."

"Warband?! How?" their prisoner exclaimed. "That elf said we'd be in and out, the northmen wouldn't even know! I thought you were thieves, with your kobolds, if I had known you were here to... I have a contract. You northerners believe in honor don't you? What about mine?"

Thonvar nodded. "Your contract will be done soon. How many are in there?"

"No more than fifteen now, I don't know for sure. We had more, but... I don't know what they do down there. They sent the mongrel's apprentice, Vathan, out some time ago with two of the other guys. The half-elves. Which way did you come from?"

"We followed the tracks along the southwestern road."

Shaking his head, the warrior closed his eyes and winced. "I knew they were up to no good, damned liars... Well, you've found us. If you follow the road to the north you should run into the rest. They're not bad men, we just didn't know what we were being hired for."

"I believe you," Thonvar admitted. "I think I will let you go."

"Give coin!" Anza hissed.

"Aye, it's uh," Ruran smirked at the northerner, "contraband. Elf paid you to commit a crime, I reckon it's fair."

Without saying it, the Espean betrayed the location of his payment by glancing at a leather satchel. Small claws forced it open and a noisy sack of money was retrieved, Kix lingered to browse through his other valuables until Thonvar stopped her. He wouldn't rob the man blind, instead he would use him. Plucking a few of the coins out of the leather purse, he dropped them into the satchel and closed it up.

"Untie him," the chief commanded. "I'm giving you some of this money to head north, pray to your gods that you meet your friends before they come here."

"Yes, of course, whatever--"

Thonvar cut the man off and added, "you will tell them to turn around and run, or they will be hanged. Then you will go home and tell them a warrior from the Reach in service to Thane Gurnjar spared your life, tell them your employer was killed for disturbing our honored dead."

"I will, all of it," the man promised, rubbing his freed wrists. "Can I have my scimitar?"

He stepped back and let the foreigner stand up, Agzi reluctantly passing him the sheathed weapon.

"Thank you, I--"

Glaring at the man, the redheaded warrior pointed to the north and east. "Go, before I change my mind."

Watching him run off made Thonvar want to smile because, with luck, there wouldn't be any more visitors to disturb them! Technically he didn't lie either, the implications he made might not have been true, but it was not his fault if the foreigner believed him. Few understood that reachfolk, if they had self-respect, wouldn't bond themselves in service to the other northerners and the ones that would likely wouldn't have let the man go. His clever trick would have impressed his father, especially the trick to reduce the enemy's numbers and buy his own people time.

When all was said and done it was probably a good thing too, they would need to loot the crates and barrels before confiscating the wagon. That would take time, but more importantly it would mean shuffling the animals around to pull the unoccupied vehicle which meant the wagons would be immobile for awhile. Perhaps they could get a head start on the process, but that would mean leaving somebody behind and out in the open. Alone. Kix or Reina might have made good candidates for that, but if his plan hadn't worked there would be armed men coming back.

Corrick and the others would know what to do, Drond knew enough to at least switch out their wagon for the better one. Getting left behind wouldn't happen, not anymore, the kobolds would never abandon Anza to a dark temple and Khezde wouldn't abandon her daughter.

Declan might be a problem, the boy seemed stubborn and kind of dumb so he might just walk right in.

"We made a mistake with these two men," Thonvar began, pausing to look at his group, "when we go inside we will not get another chance."

"Aye, black mages pokin' 'round places like this ain't nice folk," Ruran warned, nodding toward the steps. "Folks go missin' down south when these fuckers show up, it's why they come up 'ere."

"No wonder so many of our tombs have pits full of dead southerners."

Ruran shrugged. "Dead folk walkin' about ain't somethin' I'm used to, when we bury a man he's expected to be polite and stay fuckin' buried."

"We bury our dead too," Reina added, looking around sheepishly. "Under big cairns, like in a li'l room just for 'em, sometimes the witchfolk bring 'em up. I dunna know what for."

With an unhappy sigh the chief turned and looked up at the stone temple. "Our dead roam their halls freely, they can cross back into this world to keep watch. I don't know the ways of Rangvaal dead, but if it is like ours then mind yourselves. These draugur are disturbed from their slumber, they will not hesitate to kill even if they do recognize me as brother."

"Then why are we doing this?" Reina asked.

Thonvar looked over his shoulder and scowled.

"Would you have an elf make a puppet of your dead mother? Make a toy out of her corpse? No. We kill them all, no mercy for the knife-ear."

-------------------------------------------------

Somehow the temple seemed familiar to him when he walked up, he wondered if he had been here as a boy and simply forgotten the details of the trip. A flight of wide stairs led up to the pavilion before the tall cliff face, a place for ceremonies and gatherings, and he paused to take in the grandness of it all. Tall sentinels of stone stabbed up from the giant plates of smoothed rock, they grew in size and height with each successive pair toward the main structure. When they arrived there it was after passing under a giant stone arch topped by a rough sculpture, a long-bearded warrior-shaman, cut from a single piece of stone.

This was the symbol of Otar, the father, king of the gods. Through him kings got their power and authority, for the Reach he was the one who convinced the mighty Thuunav to bind his mighty soul to the fire-headed people and become their lord.

Rangvaal honored him differently, they honored him with blood sacrifice in war, and Fjoar Elf-Breaker was a devout worshiper. Carved stones detailed his conquests to the south, the purging of elven influence so far down that it forever changed the world. They flanked the mighty stone doors decorated by bands of black-iron, both were left wide open to reveal the first chamber of the temple.

Rows of worn stone, countless knees had touched them in the old days.

He looked up at a giant dragon's head carved from a single block of grayish-blue stone, it's teeth daggers of fine marble, and beneath it an altar of worship. Was this...? No, the forestfolk did not worship the dragon, that was impossible.

"Husband! Listen!" Anza hissed.

For a second his heart was the loudest thing in the world, but his ears strained to hear the feeling. She got on her hands and knees and he did the same, crawling with his mate to the altar, his fingers felt wisps of ancient times reach up to caress him and help him remember. What was this place? Where was it?

Then he heard, no, he felt the drums. They had awoken the others.

"It here, husband," she whispered, her voice shaky with fear. "It here now."

"What does it want?"

She sat back with her hands on her belly. "Anza tell no, not have, it want Thonvar, not have."

He didn't understand.

No, he didn't want to understand, but he did not have a choice. This evil was reaching for wherever it could, first it came for her belly and the eggs inside, then it came for him and his seed, the forest mother had him purge it from her realm, and the good townsfolk failed to become the vessels it needed. What was down there? Nordic dead could not stray far from their temples, so there had to of been another thing.

What thing did it want?

Then they heard a gasp, a shocked surprise, their eyes locked in the exact moment it happened and he felt their hearts whisper back.

Who was down there?

"What's up with you two?" Ruran slowly asked.

Agziqoh shot out her arm and blocked him. "Chief like magic man, know big magic."

"Him? Aye, he can yell and whip up a tornado, probably a damn fine aeromanc--"

She cut him off with a sharp, annoyed hiss. When she was satisfied that he would remain quiet, her big hand reached into her coat and fished out a wad of bones and beads strung on a simple cord. A tribal necklace, it obviously held significance for her, but she held it in a manner that displayed the construction to the human.

"Mother bones feel magic. It here, big magic, dark. Evil. Bigger magic than human have in his bones. Mother bones tell this one all these, tell to be afraid of big magic."

"I can feel there's a well nearby," he retorted, willing some light to form in an outstretched palm. "Your bones are feelin' that, nothin' more."

Anza shook her head. "Ruran not know, not dream."

"This is from our dream?" Thonvar asked, looking around at the room. "Is this where it tried to take your egg?"

She nodded and smiled. "Anza not let inside, only for husband."

He smiled and embraced her, that experience with the spryggan filling him with bitter shame. Apparently reading his mind, she leaned back in his arms to caress his tired face with a loving kiss. Why did she forgive him for that? Thonvar still wasn't sure if she even knew about it, how could she? Yet it happened, he told her and she hadn't needed to hear another word from him about it, she still showered him in her warmth and affection.

Their moment was broken by noise further down, a distant rumble followed by loud cursing.

"We should probably move," he muttered.

Ruran strode past toward the open doorway on the far right side of the room. "Aye, who knows what the hell's goin' on down there."

They had to find out, there was no turning back now. Destiny had led them to where they were, the dream's hidden purpose was prophetic in nature and only until that exact moment did Thonvar realize the true purpose. Signs had been missed, the warnings his ancient power had tried to tell him, he knew then that when the evil came it was the true awakening of the ancient magic... The priest...

As he stood up he looked around. Ivar had been alive when it was built, and his great-grandfather had traveled to the east to look for allies. Brynjar's disappearance for a time left Sigismund worried, but he came back stronger than ever and with an unspeakable power in his voice. At the time Thonvar only thought it was his ability to calm the dead, but having experienced it? There were not enough words inside him to explain the greatness he inherited, the awesome responsibility, and the irony was not lost on him. Truly amusing, he thought.

Yet he had to marvel at the temple around him, up in front Ruran carefully stepped into the darkness with a drawn sword and ready hand. At his side was his own blade and, carefully, he unsheathed the monster before passing it to Anza. Oils that silenced the leather made it hard to remove and affix to his back, but Thonvar managed just fine, he made sure to wipe his hands before retrieving the blade. A fine blade, light, enchanted...

"Ruran," he whispered.

Wearing a confused expression as he looked back, the spellsword gestured a silent, "what!?" at him.

"I have decided to call my sword Queenkissed."

Pursing his lips, the southerner blinked for a few moments and then slowly turned to proceed onward.

Southerners didn't understand, naming a blade was important! At least Anza and the others heard, if anything happened they could tell others of it. A blade that special and with a history like that needed to be preserved, he didn't feel arrogant saying so either.

Noise up ahead made them all freeze in place, but the kobolds were the first to react by scattering to every little crevice and behind every barrier they could. Behind him the sebekan huntress flattened down, he had to grab Reina and pull her off to the side before the people up ahead could see. There was just the two figures walking up, an elven-looking male with a blond-haired man, both rounded the corner and went out of sight. Footfalls told the group that they found some steps, Zan's silent, downward pointing answered any wondering about the direction.

Thonvar went ahead and peered around the corner, a faint metal-on-stone thudding echoed up at him. Judging from the cadence it was likely a pick, one that came with a hammer, and a metal bar, voices told him the user of the tools was unhappy with his progress. As far as details of the complaints went, he didn't know, but he guessed they were doing something profane to the temple. Why? That way was off to the side and likely disconnected from the larger chambers below, otherwise the men wouldn't have walked up, then over, and then back down.

Anza and the others knew his intentions, her encouraging hand found his lower back and gave a gentle shove.

Nearing the steps he could hear the men a bit better.
"...won't want us back. We mustn't dawdle, you understand."
"I want to be paid, if I can't rape the mongrel then I'm gonna need somethin' for the dice table."
"Oh? You want to be paid, do you? Take it up with the master, he'll pay you all right!"

"Knock it off and 'elp me, you git. Sooner we get this fucker open..."

"Yes, your majesty, whatever you wish."

He looked back with a raised brow and three fingers held up, but Anza shook her head and displayed four fingers. Four he couldn't handle, and as it was the space was tight...

Kix silently crept down past him and withdrew a little glass vial, inside was a syrupy, violet liquid that she held out to him. What was it? He just looked at her with a disapproving expression, he couldn't actually speak the words. No, she wanted him to try it, her little hand bobbed mid-air to encourage the human to slurp it down.

Fine. Swiping it from her he slammed it back and gulped, it tasted like how a blow to the head felt with just an aftertone of spice. Not pleasant, but not revolting, and it certainly didn't seem to have any effects on him. What was it supposed to do? Did it only work on kobolds or

The room lit up and it did it brightly.

What?

Looking around quickly he didn't see any torches or magical orbs from Ruran, but everything was distinctly brighter and had lost it's color in a slightly blue tint. After a few seconds it seemed to fade and was definitely more bearable, he quietly slipped down the steps to peek around the corner. Light was down there, actual light, it had a sharp brightness to it that may have rivaled the sun in it's brilliant luminescence!

Zan threw a rock at it and made the whole thing fly off in a big show of sparks and fire. Those people on the other side didn't like that, they angrily swore and patted themselves down as the light grew dimmer... and dimmer... and dimmer...

Blackness reigned supreme in the temple. Thonvar moved forward like a ghost.

"Look! There!" one of them cried, pointing past him.

With a quite exhale he swung the blade hard, the human flesh was no match for the magical steel and the still-pointing hand sailed free. He screamed. Blood went everywhere when he flailed, the elf-thing touched his face in horrific wonder.

Thonvar took it off with another downward swing. *Whock!*

"Somebody's in the dark! Somebody's in the fuckin' dark!" the furthest man exclaimed as the halfelf dropped.

Zan was on that one, before he could flee down the opened passage the kobold had sprang off of a ruined wooden table, sinking his shortsword down into the man's chest. Holding on with both hands, the kobold rode the gasping, flailing fool to the floor.

Anza growled and prepared herself, she was going to use her dagger on the uninjured man armed with a hammer. A very unfair fight, the northerner didn't see her husband come from the side and drive the magic blade right in under his ribs.

Wide eyes looked in Thonvar's direction. They looked surprised.

He watched them as he kicked the man off Queenkissed, the blade slurping free from it's fleshy prison. When he looked away Zan had dispatched the disabled man with another strike, bits of white bone amidst a dark gash across the back of the neck. They wouldn't be able to repeat that trick again, not unless the room was exceptionally small...

"You okay down there, lad?"

Thonvar looked back. "Yes, we killed four here."

"Aye, let's call it twelve left... Come on up then?"

"There's a passage," he replied, his eyes stinging sharply as they lost their focus and the world grew dark. "I think my potion is wearing off, I'll need light."

Anza was already on that, she reached in her little satchel and withdrew a tiny bottle and gave the thing a firm shake. As advertised it came to life with an ethereal glow, the brightness was impossible to bear and her palm served to shade them and direct the light elsewhere. Behind the spellsword came the girl and the huntress, the kobolds were already interested in the hidden passage and needed to be guided back by Thonvar's hand. They were the last group of people who should have gone ahead into a temple full of angry draugur!

"Husband..."

He shook his head. "No, we stick together, and," he scowled at the younger female, "we can look over the bodies later."

"Find key!" she chirped, holding it up to the chief and his mate. "Kix know how find!"

"Do you think there is any more keys?" he asked. She shook her head. "Then they have nothing for us."

With a dejected sigh the young kobold stood up and shuffled out of the way, he glanced back at Reina who was far less enthusiastic to play around with dead bodies. Yes, that was a normal response. Kobolds didn't seem to care, he met Anza's glowing stare and wondered what she was thinking of all this. No matter, it wasn't important, he put the distractions out of his mind and walked over to the stone passageway.

"Listen," he whispered.

Wind moving through the structure gave it a low humming ambience, just as the original architects intended. Reach temples were built the same way, he had seen the source of the noise himself once and wondered if any of the air shafts could be seen from the outside. Probably not, and even if they were the shafts inevitably had some way of sealing the passage.

Then a change in the ambience, a low warble, echoed off the stones. That was a voice.

"Lad, let me," Ruran offered, picking up a shard of the lantern. "Gimme a bit, this'll make a fine light."

"Thank you," Thonvar whispered, taking the glowing piece of glass. "How long will it last?"

"A few minutes, don't break it."

Good advice. Carefully directing the light through his fingers, Thonvar proceeded down the corridor with his fist held out in front. There was surely somebody down there, so he remained mindful of where the passage turned and how far his light extended. Most people didn't realize that critical mistake, well, most people that weren't thieves, assassins, or some other folk like them, but he had grown up sneaking around Ivar's Keep. Whoever was up ahead didn't have the benefit of being in a wide-open field of grass, if the northerner could stalk some bandits out on the steppes he could stalk a mage in a tomb.

Indeed he did, nearing the bend he kept the light tight in his fist and let his eyes adjust with every careful step. Rags on the stone, then the heel, then the stride; repeat, toe, heel, stride. A lantern and some torches lit the room around the corner, a man's shadow danced across the wall and disappeared out of sight.

"...do not know, how could I?" said a male voice.
A female responded with, "maybe you should ask," in the fancy manner of an elf.
"I'm afraid of this place, there is something more than just mummies here. No sign of the so-called "elf-bane" either."
"They built this place for a reason, Bralen, it wasn't just to stuff the unruly dead. Besides..." A pause, fabric, like somebody sitting down. "They will be rather preoccupied with the door, don't you think? Perhaps you should relax."
"Perhaps..."

Thonvar froze and listened further, but there was no danger from them. When he rounded the corner he saw the passage was blocked off by a row of thick bars, the pair were further down and wouldn't have been able to see. An odd design, it was much more elaborate than the temples and tombs of his homeland, he ushered the others past the opening before following along. Inside his head he was tracking where they had gone, after a few paces he crossed under a grate that, in his mind, was likely part of the main corridor that lead back to the antechamber. Not important, at least not right away, but if they were trapped it was a good place to start in order to escape.

A thought erased by the sight of falling water up ahead, he guessed that was why the breeze had been so steady and even. A water-based pump, when they rounded the corner he felt the damp air blast him in the face as the water flowed down into a thin slit along the floor. Just from the smell alone he could tell it came from a spring, probably sharing the same source as the nearby river, but it just added to the impossibility of navigating the stream. He tried to shine the light up into the source, but it just seemed to go on forever and out of sight.

Interesting, but it didn't help him.

So they had to turn back, first gathering around the big grate and then trying hard to lift it as quietly as they could. Thankfully nobody was in the corridor, but he wanted to move as quickly as possible anyway so they had time to replace it. While he was doing that the kobolds took the initiative and looked ahead, his stubborn wife leading the way and disappearing out of sight.

Thonvar really wanted to be angry about it, but he felt the urge to go deeper too. Something called to him... No, *they* called to him. Them. As a couple. This was important and they needed to see it.

"Husband!" she hissed.

He couldn't see her, but he hurried up to where he thought she was. Right before he got there he heard the strangest...

Was that a man? Crying?

Around a corner and down some stairs he caught sight of a tail, when he finally caught up she had crossed the empty space in the room and climbed up the stone wall between thick stone pillars. Three of them, right in the middle of the giant chamber, the sides had openings to cross to the opposite area while the middle two sections were walled off. Light from torches cast a warm glow on the stone brick ceiling, it let him get a feel for what lay beyond.

"You don't understand! I can't!" The voice almost made him jump out of his skin! "It's not going to work, don't you see? You have to see!"

Another voice spoke. "Idiot. Sob somewhere else, I'm not leaving until the door opens."

"This will ruin you! We've lost so many... Brother, please, you need to abandon this foolish quest. I can't stay and watch you destroy yourself, the northmen will surely come for us if they find out--"
"I will sacrifice the lives of every single one of you for the greater good, our queen is expecting us to succeed."
"Damn the queen!"

Silence.

"What did you say, dear brother?"

Movement. He hurried over to the wall and crouched down.

"I'm leaving. I can't do this anymore! I won't watch you and I won't be a part of--"

Struggling. Feet on stone, sliding, kicking, knees... A body. His ears strained as he tried to will them to be sharper, but all that could be heard had been heard. Footsteps echoed off the stones as the owner of the male voice returned to his position, possibly in the center of the chamber, and lingered there in silence.

Nothing else happened.

Thonvar didn't need to see it, but he knew that knife-ear had slain his own brother. For what? Disrespecting their queen, one who would send them to dishonor northern dead? Some queen, she sounded like a tyrant. Had she been in the north they would have sacrificed her to the gods and left her body headless in a marsh, disposed of like the trash that she was. A people that would slay their own blood were equally despicable, he knew the elven race were underhanded but this...

Forestfolk did it too, so he could not condemn all elves. Perhaps it was just the weak-willed and weak-minded that followed a shameful whore queen, and he knew of only one elven nation that had such a head of state. How many other elven empires were there that sent agents out to trick northerners into marrying kobolds and trick kobolds into... Whatever it was they promised Uzkrig. Now they were fooling in a holy temple? Was he being channeled by Fjoar Elf-Breaker to purge these prancing asses from the north?

"I can feel you judging me," the elf said.

In an instant Thonvar's blood ran cold.

"I don't care what you think, your kind were foolish to turn their backs on us. Now look at you, here with me, what did you expect?"

A female voice, haughty and defiant, muttered, "I expected to proceed undisturbed, rahmer. I had expected you to act with decency, to understand I turned down your 'assistance' for professional reasons. I knew you would've made a mess of this tomb, and now just look at it. Your race truly has no limit to it's capacity for depravity and deceitfulness, I should've known better."

Her accent was definitely elven, but it was... Different.

"Mmm, yes, perhaps you should have been a bit more cautious," the elf replied, chuckling to himself. "I find it so amusing when the lesser races, mongrels really, try to insult us."

"Uninspired and clumsy, as always."

Somewhere out of sight a loud click of metal on stone echoed off the walls, but it was the thunderous shudder that caught Thonvar's attention.

"Oh that's rich, coming from you," the elf replied, his voice rich with smugness. "Now tell me, what use do I have for you now?"

Footsteps again, they were harder to hear, but he knew they were walking to the left side of the room. From his estimation that was where the other speaker was, but he didn't hear her moving at all... Wasn't it obvious to her? She had to know, she seemed smart enough. Whatever her reasons, she wasn't speaking or moving as the murderous elf approached. He didn't care much about the female's welfare, but she obviously knew something and the knife-ear was about to silence her forever.

No, this one had to die.

Ruran was there against the wall. Agziqoh too. Reina was further up the stairs and out of sight. Anza and the others were hanging off the ledge, he had to commend their upper body strength for sticking with it for so long, but he was truly in the best position to deal with this imminent situation.

Except he had nothing to do it with. Nothing except his little glass shard... "Don't break it" he was warned. What if he did?

Thonvar darted around the corner with his arm cocked back and ready, his fiery blue eyes locked right on the robed figure. For a split second the elf and him shared a moment, a subconscious and telepathic link that was so rarely enjoyed. Thonvar loved the slow-motion insanity, the build-up as his muscles screamed and strained in their adrenaline high, his senses sharp, the growing tunnel vision, he was a killer primed and ready for action. Except this time he wasn't opening up with his sword, oh no, this time he had glass.

Magical glass, flying through the air.

In that instantaneous moment afterward the glass had impacted squarely on the elf's chest, he was looking down as it clinked off the armor segment just under his neck. What was a decent-sized chunk became billions of particles laced with the southerner human's bright magic, they had energy behind them and they wanted to go in all the places that could contain fragments of glass. Air, clothes, folds of clothes, button holes, gaps in armor, mouths, and eyes. Definitely the eyes.

That elf screamed, it was the unmistakable sound of somebody in terrific pain.

"KILL HIM!"

At that exact second Thonvar realized there were more than two people on that side of the wall, the man next to him suddenly becoming his entire damned world as twisted. An elven hand on a sword hilt, big, golden eyes wide with shock as the northern-made blade swung hard. Just a bit too quick for the foreigner, the blade rang off his helmet with a loud clatter and green sparks, it interrupted his firm stance.

The same could not be said for the northman, who knew that the tip-heavy blade had it's own way of moving. Using the new momentum he swung the blade around in a wide, downward circle before bringing it up into a two-handed grip for a quick strike.

Crimson sprayed out as the steel sunk deep into the elven neck.

Twisting his arm up, Thonvar pulled on the blade and yanked it free right into ruin. His forearm exploded into twisted, seared flesh that revealed the meat and fat below as the orb of fire used up the last of it's power. Roaring in pain Thonvar stumbled back and swung hard at the first sight of movement.

*Fuh-womp!*

His eyes didn't even catch it, the ball of fire was going in a different direction and Queenkissed tried to spring away as if she had struck an anvil. He used the momentary gap in the magical assaults to dive back the way he came, back toward his party who were readying their weapons.

"Fuckin' 'ell, lad!" Ruran shouted.

"THERE'S MORE! KILL THE LOT OF 'EM!"

Thonvar's brow furrowed and he pulled himself up, Anza was there at his side and tending to his wounded arm. Agzi formed a meaty barrier between him and the door, but she soon opted to just push over a big stack of crates to provide a makeshift wall. Good timing too, as Anza started wrapping he saw the sebeka drive her sword-staff right into an elf's gut.

He looked up at her in shock, just right before she finished him off with her mighty claws.

"Reina, go. Run!" Thonvar commanded.

Wide-eyed, she nodded and bolted right up the stairs as fast as her legs could carry her. He really, really hated leaving the girl alone like that, but there was no time. Looking over he saw Ruran and Zan fighting off another of the elves, his dark leather armor didn't help him from the kobold literally climbing up his back to stab him through the eyes. Ruran wasn't done, he formed a ball of greenish purple magic and hurled it through the door right as another elf came in.

"Kix!"

Anza was waiting for something, the aspiring healer didn't bother handing it over and just slathered a tiny handful of peach-colored goop on the charred mess. It stung.

"EEEAAUUGH!!!"

Alarm shot up his back as he turned sharply. A man. With a sword. Right there. Right gods damned there!
