Thonvar struggled to open his eyes, but when he did he saw that the not-elves were there at his feet.

"What do you want?" he grumbled.

Two bowls of stew and some bread were his answer, the rogue smirked at him before going back to his knife and apple.

Fortunately both husband and wife were clothed which avoided a scandal, Anza's morning attitude was often bright and refreshing when food was involved no matter what was going on and she stretched with a pleased smile. Of course she was smiling, a servant had brought the very important kobold a meal without being prompted or asked, she was practically radiant with self-satisfaction. Thonvar just ate quietly, watching the foreigner carve the fruit with a nonchalant and whimsical pace that concealed how precise and measured his effort was; each slice of the apple was pleasantly even and looked appetizing even from afar. Only after a few moments did it dawn on the human that his own meal was far more luxurious than a mere apple, it made him feel a bit uneasy to enjoy it.

"Just an apple?" he asked.

Rows of pearly teeth glistened before the not-elf took a bite. "Trade bread for apple, give soup to sister."

"Did she not get any of her own?"

That very sister lingered just outside, but the human couldn't see her face from underneath the canvas flap and only got to witness the graceful hands caress her own belly. Of course that was the reason, traveling would be hard on her and she needed extra rations. Apparently Anza caught sight of it too, she gave her husband a gentle shove with her outstretched foot to let him know about it too.

"Go get another bowl for yourself, then send your sister to see Khezde. Perhaps there is something the old alchemist can do for the child."

Again the rogue smiled, but with softness. "Thank you, boss. Sister, say thanks to boss man."

She leaned down slightly wearing the brightest smile. "We have thank verrry much! Saya go, yes?"

"Yes, go," the rogue grumbled as pleasantly as he could. "I stay, talk."

They had a rapid exchange in their foreign language, far too quick for Thonvar to catch, but he imagined it was meaningful by the way they ended it with such affection. Northerners did not kiss each other on the cheek like that, certainly not twice, but these people were from a far away land Thonvar hadn't ever heard of before. They were alien in many ways, but still, he felt more at ease with them than he had expected for reasons he did not know. Perhaps it was because they always smiled? No, that was unsettling, people had no business smiling that much and certainly not vagabonds desperate for shelter and protection.

"Her name is Saya then?" Thonvar asked, nodding to the departing figures. "Who is that other one?"

"Maruk, is name sound like we are the orraker, I am Kisub. He is, how you say, paired with sister. Boss man understand, yes?"

"They are married."

Another smile. "Yes, yes! Married, yes, but this is just word. They hearts a pair for many, many moons, Maruk from low... yes, low family, work hard to buy Saya."

This was something he had heard of before, paying a price for a bride's hand in marriage, in a way that was how he had been wed to Anza. Except he was the prize, he was still unsure of what deals had been made by Uzkrig, but he liked to imagine that Anza felt she had gotten her money's worth. From the look she gave him he did and just like that she was at his side, snuggled under his arm.

Thonvar nodded to Kisub. "So your sister is with child and on the run. Life will not be easy at your new home, this winter will be bitter and cold."

"Boss has never sailed north sea?" Kisub laughed. "I make promise when we leave, 'keep sister safe' my mother say, how could good brother say no? Maruk go to sea, Saya go with Maruk, Kisub go with Saya. We come here now, is better for keeping promise."

Had he heard this before? Thonvar felt like he had known this story since before he had met them, like it was a forgotten piece of a puzzle that had been placed there in front of him without him noticing and it left him with a strange sensation deep in his gut. Why had he questioned them when they first met? Was it because Artur introduced them? No, they were unremarkable when standing next to the other foreigners from strange lands. Now he had elves in his midst, furred creatures, snake men... Why were these three not-elves any more special than the young mage that helped him up the mountain? They weren't, not by themselves, he struggled with the phenomena building inside until he could bear it no more.

Just then he saw it in Kisub's eyes, a look of understanding, he was as lost and confused as Thonvar was in the wide world that refused to return to the mundane way it was before.

He had seen it. A different piece. Witnessed it with his own eyes.

Another smile, sheepish and unsure, the rogue leaned back and nodded. Who was he? Was he like Thonvar?

"Do you have it with you?" the warrior asked.

Kisub shook his head, sliding off the edge of the wagon. Anza passed him their empty bowls and the tray before he left, it made him turn back one last time.

"Was it lost?"

The rogue said nothing, but the warrior knew the answer.

"At least we are safe for now," Thonvar sighed. "Go, get something to eat before it gets cold."

"Yes, boss," Kisub replied, nodding respectfully before slipping away.

-------------------------------------------------

By the time the sun had crested above the mountains they had covered the same distance they had the day before, but instead of fighting up a steep hill they were moving south-southeast and traveling mostly along the face of the slope. Being from the Reach and not used to mountains at all, Thonvar had difficulty visualizing their journey first east, then north, then south, then east, then north again and... for not a long of distance traveled as the crow flies, most of it was climbing _up_ rather than moving closer to home. Far below them, along the way they came, he had gotten a good view of the alien landscape that had been sculpted by the unnatural storm. Signs of flooding were obvious, but it was between glistening spires formed out of frozen whirlwinds and each one seemed to glow unnaturally in the mountain's shadow. Anything else was too small for even his sharp eye, but with the lights still on in the city he at least took comfort in knowing that people, survivors, had somewhere to take shelter from the unseen horrors down below.

Up where they were the path was covered in natural snow, he led the pack stomping and kicking as they waded through it, but soon it was clear the strongest among them had to lead the way. Their giants, Agziqoh being one of them, forged ahead with spears and staffs to probe the ground in case it might not be as safe as it first appeared. Sometimes it wasn't. They had accidentally walked out onto a snow bridge that disliked the weight of so many lean, muscled bodies doing their best to compact and flatten the powder sea.

Fortunately they could back out, the wagons would've likely been ruined.

To cross they had to use a pair of stones of equal size that had fallen together at the same time, Thonvar doubted that this was a natural event. Beneath the snow was the dirt and gravel of a well-worn footpath, a thrust of a spear broke through the crusty ice and came up stained with fertile soil. A good sign. They may have been high in the mountains, but the real peaks were so much taller still and the tree line was still above them. With luck it would remain this way, his understanding of the new home as it was explained to him had filled his head with grand ideas and made his heart sing in anguish for a magnificent tomorrow.

How wonderful it would be to be the first to build a city like that? To prove it could be done, not for the fame or the glory but for the sake of having done it. Anza could bask in the attention, she coveted the prestige it would bring and he loved her so much... Failure would sting so much harder, now that he had allowed himself a morsel he had forbidden himself for so long.

Perhaps it wasn't so bad, if the situation there was not as he thought then they could build something new and different. Plans could be kept and merely modified, he had been paying attention to his small library and had caught himself being just as clever as the authors he learned from. Would they appreciate him? One was an elf from Fjoar's time, perhaps he would've been less than pleased to know that his careful examination and study of Aban Navyna's majestic stonework was being used by a stubborn reachman and his kobold wife. Streydor's reach extended far, was the old elven city also under that knife-eared bitch's thumb too? Probably. So with that thought it wasn't at all hard to imagine the old elven architect would not have approved, Thonvar considered himself opposed to the southern elves and their blasphemous, greedy incursions into the northern lands.

Who could know what awful things they were doing on the other side of the mountains? Maybe opening the route between Rangvaal and the eastern realm was foolish. Maybe not. Glory-seeking warriors from all across the northern kingdoms and even as far away as the dwarven city-states would flock to his banner, his power would grow immensely and Anza would not want for anything. Though it was not likely to be this way, probably just more humans and elves on that side.

He looked back at the trail of movement behind him, the wagons teemed with glowing eyes peering back at him and many more were probably looking elsewhere too. So many others though, former bandits, some pilgrims, wanderers, adventurers, peasants, beggars...

What was it, "desperate spirits find their own leash," or something like that? This was true. Most of those that followed him probably had families, friends, and maybe even homes somewhere else that they were giving up for at least awhile. How many of them intended to stay, or rather, were forced to stay? Life on the road was hard before, but after the attacks it was impossible and even the hardest among them wouldn't last against the roaming armies of undead so they were stuck with him. This was not the ideal situation to foster loyalty, his upbringing made that incredibly important.

Yet this was not the way the world worked.

At all.

He hated acknowledging it even for a second, but the world did not run on the strict sense of honor that guided him and his people. When he met his wife she promised to teach him how to be wary of thieves, something he hadn't had much fear of until he started sleeping among kobolds and elves. Yet she had taught him her ways, she taught him to doubt and to be aware, she taught him the things that a boy from the steppes to the west wouldn't have thought of. Anza, in many ways, had made Thonvar a man.

So with a heavy heart he acknowledged reality, his eccentric father had a practical outlook that made his brothers uncomfortable and confused while the bastard Thonvar was to quietly observe. Oh if only they knew!

His seed had been planted in the forests of Rangvaal, somehow with Anza's blessing too, and his forgotten mother's line would twist back into another noble house of spryggans. Though he had seen a glimpse of it he knew that they were destined to end, the true queen of the eastern north had shown his ancestors mercy as she snuffed her rivals out. His mother had been somewhat foolish for giving her heart to a human, knowing that she was one of the last, and when they all perished all that remained was the bastard son far, far from the forest. Somehow a piece of his kobold bride had been shared too, briefly, and he was still struggling to understand all of it. So their child would bear a faint mark of kobold as well, a trace amount of Anza's regal heritage that supposedly went back to the dragons.

No, it wasn't kindness in her heart that night. Something happened without Thonvar knowing, an exchange was made between the wife and the mistress, from Anza's hand she passed his reins off and he was no different than a hot-blooded stud in a mare's stable. Just as expected he mounted her like an animal, his powerful...

Thonvar stopped.

That's what the darkness wanted too, it wanted him. Or more specifically, it wanted to couple with him, to be filled by him. Then it became envious, no, _hateful_ toward his wife and her useless eggs. He remembered the dream, his defiance of the darkness, he remembered giving his masculine power to the earth and sowing the seeds there which enraged his dark nemesis. Was that it? Was that what this was all about?

Yes.

He knew it was true. That's why it wanted to kill her so much, why it sent the demons after them, why it all seemed to start on the night they had a physical connection like a husband and wife should. So naturally the forest queen would want some of that, she had likely been very aware of his presence even before this all started, so if he had truly inherited the power of his great-grandfather, spryggan mother, and became a favored Son of the Reach then it was in her best interest to have him sire her child. Could spryggans hear the whispers of the vila on the summer winds? Could they hear the laughter of rusalka? Could the children of the forest bond with the horse like he could, sense their emotions, feel their very soul?

What had he done?

Anza brushed her hand across him as the wagon passed, his legs carried him forward once more into the realm of her gentle attention.

He still thought about it though while she watched him, he tried to figure out what Anza could've possibly gained from casually trading off her husband like that. Magic? She started to use magic after that, but he was under the impression that she had at least some limited power before they even met. How did that work again? Mana and magicka, wells, fields, barriers... All of it was confusing. Perhaps he should have paid more attention!

"Husband think too much," his wife giggled, swiping his nose with the backside of her claw. "Why husband not let be? Go home with Anza, is fine now."

... Could she...?

He looked up at her and saw nothing except his wife in a good mood. No knowledge of his thoughts, no mind reading of any sort either!

Thonvar sighed and nodded, not wishing to pick a fight. "We are not home yet, there are trolls on this road and only the gods know what magical things are hiding out there."

"Husband kill, get Anza nice rug, maybe Anza take husband to rug for making eggs in Anza belly."

A flush of heat came up to his cheeks and he looked around. "You could only be louder if you shouted, wife."

Just to rub it in she giggled and flicked her tongue at him, undressing him with her eyes. Thoroughly scandalized he stepped away a bit, trying hard to will the redness in his face away before anyone noticed. Before he could get too far she pulled him close again, messing up his hair before he could escape.

"Somebody's playful," he muttered.

She nodded.

"Why?"

Instead of answering right away she shrugged, squinting up at the sunny peaks. "Inside Anza is happy feeling, Anza like."

"So you are happy to be so close to home?" he asked.

Looking up she nodded, slowly, but added, "Is not give happy feeling inside, that different. Tell husband not now, Anza keep for Anza self."

He rolled his eyes and chuckled, imagining that she was referring to some sexual surprise waiting for him the moment they got any amount of privacy. Obviously that was on his mind too whenever it came up, she was quite an eager, willing, and adventurous partner who had obviously practiced the art of husband-pleasing well before she ever met him. He remembered she pointed to his stack of books, indicating that was the source of her carnal knowledge, he laughed just thinking of these scene. Who would write such filth anyway?

Elves, obviously.

Or perhaps dwarves, they might have been doing some research on something entirely unrelated and just decided to examine sexual techniques to add to the hoard of books they kept. Even if nobody read it, which was unlikely given that a kobold had apparently studied it quite well, they still would've wrote it for the sake of writing it. Something about that was admirable in its own odd way, but the dwarven folk were known for endeavors like that amidst their truly incredible works that changed the world. Still, it was probably some knife-ear pervert that scrawled all this pornography down and tried to hawk it off on some brothel where a kobold probably stole it.

Could she even read or did she just pay attention to the pictures? Were there pictures? There had to be pictures, elves didn't do anything without fanciful and unnecessary illustration. That made the most sense, but the results were most impressive and probably did more to slay his inhibitions than his sense of honor and duty as a faithful husband.

When he looked up at her he saw she was watching him with an amused smirk, if only he had the ability to read minds.

"Husband need rest? Husband think so much!" she purred, giggling at him.

He almost had a response ready, but Runa's tiny snout poked over the wood. "Are we home soon?" she asked, sounding somewhat impatient. "Anza says today, can we get there today?"

"Hopefully," Thonvar replied. "The path ahead is long, and deep with snow. We will try."

This answer obviously didn't satisfy, but the adolescent kobold sighed and nodded. Poor girl.

Her dejection did not last long, an enthusiastic twang from some string instrument seemed to snap everyone out of a dull spell and caught many ears with a newer, happier one. So somebody had brought an instrument? Was a bard traveling with them? His questions were answered, the strings came to life and filled the air with a pleasant tune. Then a drum, he recognized the sound and wondered which of the six or seven kobolds who had access and talent decided to reply. A few notes did not make music, not really, he found that he was fighting the urge to turn around to see for himself during the silence.

Then a soft hum, deep in the chest and rich with joyous emotion, radiated from a source close by and so very familiar. They did not have much affinity for instruments in his homeland, but each son and daughter of the Reach had another gift. They spoke to their horses with it, a more true and pure sound than their "real" voice, they could sing to the wind and she sang back. Without trying, without thinking, his throat sprang to life like a mighty dragon taking flight. They all did, every fire-haired brother and sister within earshot answered as he did, and they all knew how to sing their wordless song.

He could not appreciate his own sound, that was the price of the gift, but he knew it was beautiful when Anza looked at him.

They sang like that for awhile, like a dance of sound between the voices of the Reach and the lonely strings from somewhere behind. How could he not smile? His earlier thoughts were long forgotten and replaced by honest happiness; it was a beautiful day, they would be home soon, and they were moving at a good rate while they sang all along the way.

On top of that the noise surely had scared off the animals and made any lurking bandits think twice because it must have sounded like a band of mercenaries coming up the mountain!

After some time a galloping drum backed him up, the instrument that started it all had gone silent but the musician couldn't resist for long. Their sound was different, more powerful, but the chorus of voices was not spoiled at all and with that it seemed like the procession of hooves, wagons, and feet gained a new energy.

Good thing too, the hill ahead was packed with virgin snow and grew ever steeper with each forward stride.

Walking became wading, then it became fighting, a war of bodies versus nature as the path was cut and fatigue licked at their backs. By that time it had ceased being a fun, exciting activity, they sang for a utilitarian purpose and their only will was forward and up. Easterners and the fjordlanders understood, being cousins, they joined in with a rhythmic chant of nonsense that came from a place beneath conscious words. This language was from the muscle, from effort, from strife, it made everything simple syllables that maintained a pace for the work at hand. Perhaps the elven folk and the humans to the south were used to actual words in their songs, but they caught on when the first wagon slipped.

"FOOORWARD!" a voice cried.

A shout came back and the song changed, the smooth gallop became a steady pounding as hands met the wagons, ropes, reins, and even the animals themselves to push and pull. His own gripped the wheel and turned it hard, his chest burned, but his voice carried above all the rest and the animals surged forward. Some kobold got the idea to bash two hammers together every couple of thumps and a trail of bodies cried out as they shoved forward. First it was a "Hoh!" and a push, that off-beat clank, and then a loud "Hah!" to finish, but it was the chorus of voices from the Reach that made him feel the urge to carry the whole thing on his back. Too bad about the snow, he felt invigorated enough to do it!

Fighting to the top took everything and more, he wasn't the only one bare-chested in the cold by the time he helped the last wagon over the top, but with his last bit of effort he pushed through fatigue's invisible knives and the wagon clattered forward to a chorus of cheers.

His wife caught him as he fell to his knees, she lured him to relax with a potion of life in the form of cool ale.

-------------------------------------------------

Even though they were making excellent time, almost as good as they did on the roads, they had to stop for a rest and for lunch. Pushing the animals too hard, pushing everyone too hard, would have been incredibly foolish being so close to home. Patience. A real king, one that would be remembered for ages, would demonstrate careful patience and avoid breaking his own neck like a foolish idiot just to avoid another day on the road. They had already gone so much farther and did it faster than anyone else would have over the unkept path, he was satisfied with the possibly three days of travel and with the complete lack of incidents... He put it out of his mind, he did not want to ruin his luck!

Anza, however, was still a kobold.

She wanted to leave immediately once he was rested, their wagon had little privacy as the children piled in and happily made it their new home so she had to resort to private gropes to express her intentions. Anza was wild, practically feral, he did have trouble resisting her "charms" which gave her more incentive to try even harder. Finally she took his hand and put it under her clothes, letting him have a feel of what he was missing.

She just happened to do it almost in plain sight, if anyone had come around the corner...

"What has come over you?" he laughed, taking his hand back. "Have I done something to deserve such rewards or are you just filled with desire?"

"Husband fill Anza," she breathed, pulling herself up to straddle him. "We go now?"

"When everyone has rested, when lunch is made, and," he peeled her thighs off of him, "we eat."

Being denied just made her want him more, she rolled her lower lip between her front teeth and looked up at him with a perverse smirk. Apparently her captivating eyes were not enough, she took his hand and suckled each finger as loudly as she could and smirked when he finally shuddered. What a tease! Finally he relented somewhat, falling to his knees before her, their eyes locked together as she finished her show.

He sighed. "Fine."

If she had eyebrows they would've been raised.

"If we can, tonight, I promise, but only if nothing comes up."

Something was bound to come up, that was part of the reason why he hadn't taken her before, but part of him liked making her wait anyway. Had it just been their usual party he wouldn't have minded so much, but these newcomers couldn't be trusted, at least not yet, and he had to be ready in case something happened. Obviously she knew all of this, but she was what she was and she did love him, waiting for later was obviously difficult for her race and she wanted to conquer and claim her prize as soon as possible. Getting her to eat slower was still an ongoing process, cooling her feminine needs was likely well beyond his capabilities.

Not that he would ever try, he counted himself lucky that his wife enjoyed being on her back. Or knees. Or with her--

"Thonvar!"

He blinked. "What?"

She laughed and snuggled under his chin, kissing his throat. "Anza hungry."

"When aren't you hungry?" he laughed, swatting her backside. "You've been eating a lot."

With a shy grin she rubbed her midsection and kissed him. "Good food, Anza eat."

That was true, their kobold cook was definitely skilled at what she did and he wondered if she had trained somewhere. Even after all their time on the road he knew nothing about her, or most of the other kobolds actually, and he didn't even know their names! Well, he knew a few. Mostly his wife dealt with them, giving orders and hearing their complaints, he remembered when he thought about the power dynamic of his position and guessed that the rules were somewhat still there. Obviously she was special to them, obviously in a different way than how she was special to him, but he guessed that the kobolds were beginning to see that he was truly in charge.

As Anza led him along she remarked, "Husband think all day, husband think of Anza?"

"Yes, actually," he admitted.

"How husband think of Anza?"

Thonvar chuckled and gently squeezed her hand. "I was remembering a lesson I learned about power. I am thankful that we made our promises early in marriage and now we keep them, you are my queen."

"'King Thonvar'," she said as deeply and formally as she could. "This Anza's husband."

He laughed. "We make a good pair."

Just as they arrived at the "kitchen" she beamed a wondrous smile at him, he almost melted to see her so happy and all because they were together! Unable to hide it, he just blushed and let her take charge of the food situation. More stew, this time cabbage with some beef and other vegetables, Anza made a disapproving face but remembered to thank the chef regardless. So did he, but the mute just nodded and smirked as she always did. Then onward to the pile of flatbreads, rock hard from being exposed to the open air, and finally a few wooden utensils before she found a nice blanket to sit on. Another family was there already, one of the mothers and her two children, but he noticed a tiny face peeking out from a swaddle.

"This Zhazi," Anza explained, holding out a piece of softened beef, "baby is Tagu."

A nervous smile and a nod was all she could muster, he nodded back smooth and slow; she seemed like she was on the verge of running away.

For a moment Thonvar was forgotten, Anza had to feed the runt the softest pieces of meat she could find until the babe refused to eat any more. In a way it seemed like their version of nursing, he wondered if the infant was chubby and shaped similar to humans when they were that young. Kobolds seemed so alien to him in so many ways and, yet, he saw they had the similar foundations of of a complex society of families and kinship much like his own. Out of respect the kobold mother touched Anza's belly, much like before after the wedding night, it was obviously a wish of good luck for the childless female. With all the noble grace of a true queen she accepted it with a warm smile, thankful for the kindness, it made Thonvar's heart flutter with pride.

For Anza it seemed like second-nature, she had a private intimacy with him, but out in public she was exactly who her people needed her to be.

When she looked at him it was back to her private self, she smiled at him like a lover before feeding him a spoonful. "Anza hate cabbage."

"I thought you liked cabbage," he managed, chewing quickly. "Not even a little bit?"

"No," the kobold declared flatly. "Anza need food, so Anza eat. See?"

To demonstrate she took her own spoonful, a bit less gracefully than a human might have, but she didn't slobber or spill. Without a scowl or any sign of discontent she chewed and swallowed, but she made sure he got the next bite. And the next. And the one after that.

Thonvar denied her on the fourth. "I thought your goal was to get fat, remember?"

A comedian he was not, but she laughed anyway and complied. She had a bit of fat here and there, all healthy creatures did, but she didn't seem built to hold on to any extra pounds for too long and he struggled to imagine her corpulent. Even if she was quite rotund he would've still loved her, no matter how fat she got he would always be a human and she would always be a petite kobold.

While they ate he kept trying, she had caught on early and teased him by twisting and turning to give the appearance of tubby curves. Even after they finished and she had devoured their bread he kept trying, but even with her "help" it seemed almost impossible. Had he done it before? If he had he didn't remember, all of it was theoretical anyway. His young, fit, and capable bride was what he had and all he could ever hope to want, those elves and their tricks had left him with the better end of the deal. She knew it too which was good because he hadn't enough words to explain how she was, without question, the most incredible person in his life.

Anza enjoyed it, she brought his hand up and gave it a loving kiss. "Husband is ready?"

"Husband is very ready," he replied, peeking out from under the cloth awning. "We still have a good day ahead of us, the sun is just now at the highest. How many hours is that?"

With a shrug she giggled, she obviously didn't know.

"We will get you a clock, it is important to know how many hours are left in a day."

"Yes, husband," she sighed, tugging on his arm, "get clock _after_ go home!"

-------------------------------------------------

"It's true power at the most basic level, the closest we can get to before all... this, life, reality, the mortal realm."

Ruran scowled and looked back at Kabu. "Lad, the elements are a part, nothin' more than that. Don't forget the gods had to make it into somethin' and for that they needed somethin' better."

"Says the uneducated spellsword," Razalryn added, a certain elven arrogance in her voice. "Though you do have a point, even if it is rooted in theological nonsense. Even a child can light candles, it takes a certain... refined control to master transmutive magic."

"You're not even a mage either," hissed Kabu, flicking a tiny spark in her direction. "Dwarf-raised cats would not know how to master fire like we can, their pretty, pretty fur would get singed."

Instead of taking the bait she just chuckled, giving him a smug grin over her shoulder as her tail flicked side to side. Ruran seemed interested in her response, as did everyone else, their sparring back and forth had dominated most of the afternoon and the young mage wasn't clever enough to realize he was being toyed with. At least that's what Thonvar thought, he kept out of the squabble and maintained his charade of ignorance.

Finally she spoke, her voice rich with feminine allure as she murmured, "So the young pyromancer has an eye for haranjan fur? Truly scandalous, what would your loremaster say?"

"That's... That's not what I meant! I don't like you at all!" he huffed. "Don't say things like that."

"Things like what, lad?" Ruran asked, looking around in mock fear. "Can they hear us?"

One of the half-elves chuckled and added, "Didn't you know? Loremasters hear all, why I bet they're listening to every dirty thought our little Kabu has had, who knows what dreadful sins he commits during the night."

"I do not!"

Corrick couldn't help himself. "D'ye think tha' fur blanket he's got gets rolled up and..."

"No! Stop it! Fur tickles my nose, it's awful and--"

"Kabu snuggle too hard?" a kobold mused from behind.

That was it. With rage in his eyes the young mage stomped his foot and ignited his clenched fists, presumably to use them on whoever had finally pushed him over the edge. As interesting as the thought of the young mage hitting a loudmouthed kobold was, Thonvar finally had to put a stop to the games. When Kabu turned he was met with a firm hand across the chest and a command, loud and final, the chieftain's "Enough!" startled anyone unprepared.

"But they--" the apprentice mage lost his words when those eyes of steel fell upon him.

Thonvar had sympathy, but his people had learned to keep their rage in check. "Next time do not fall for their traps, mages are supposed to be smart."

"Yes, you are right," he mumbled. "I'm sorry."

Razalryn was next and a measured, "Apologies, my lord," was all she had to offer. Ruran just shrugged, as did Corrick, culturally they were used to the playful banter and weren't so sensitive about it. With so many people from so many different places, each culturally unique, it was inevitable that anger would flare up from time to time and these issues would need to be resolved in a neat and timely manner. That was how the roadside inns and the taverns in the towns, cities, and forts kept the peace between locals and travelers; getting the jarl's men involved often would invite trouble for all parties involved unless it was truly serious. Their own tavern, the one he was imagining, would be a vital link between the road and the city above which would require it to function with the precision of a dwarven clock.

Travelers far and wide would be passing through their mountain pass, the revenue from the establishment would only flow if it was an inviting spot to stay and visit instead of merely stop and rest.

"Snow's not so deep 'ere, wha's tha' about?" Corrick asked, poking the soft powder with his spear. "Like it's been walked all over."

Ruran nodded, pointing up the unmarked path. "Probably has somethin' to do with that spot, aye. Looks like a good place to drop on some poor bastard, doesn't it?"

"Aye."

Of course Thonvar knew what they were talking about, in his homeland any ledge or drop-off served as a magnet for predatory cats, so he was already drawing his sword in anticipation. Behind him he heard a rattle of weapons, footsteps, and then he was flanked by Kisub, Maruk, Saya, Agziqoh, and his brothers and sisters from the Reach. Actually he was somewhat surprised that they, being horseborn, were not there before he had even drawn Queenkissed from her lair.

"Danger, boss?"

He nodded. "Look there, a great place for an ambush."

"What you want us to do?" the rogue asked, murderously grinning. "We good killers, we--"

Thonvar stepped ahead of the pack. "Stay here, I am chief, I will go first."

So they stayed, Drond slowed the wagons to a stop and everyone parted to let the brave warrior pass by. Better him than one of the animals getting spooked, as he neared the incomplete arch his eyes inevitably caught sight of just how far down it was... Off in the distance he saw a ribbon cutting through the snow, a road, the one they had traveled on with the warriors from the southern lands of the north. A fall down that would kill for sure, no matter their skill in magic or their natural talents for being thieves or vagabonds.

On the other side he saw a corpse of a great-horned sheep, used up and discarded, he knew then it was not a cat waiting up there.

"Come on out, troll," he breathed, both fists tight on his his mighty blade. "Wind guide me."

Another step.

His toes told him he was over something smooth, unlike the snow-covered rock this did not hold onto the snow. He looked down.

Somebody's skull peeked out from under the blanket of white, a dark eye socket peered up at him with its hollow void, his throat felt tight with a pang of human fear before his soul reshaped it into anger. Focused rage. Pinpoint fury that the fire-haired warriors of the snowy steppes learned to master from birth, to fuel their movement, their controlled dance of mayhem.

Time stopped, the moment was there. Ambush. Come on out troll...

Suddenly his world was filled with teeth!

Trained feet kicked off whatever they could, he tucked, rolled, he was out of the way as the snorting muzzle snapped at the nothing he had left behind. Except it wasn't a troll's muzzle, no, this was connected to a big neck that connected to a body. With wings. Claws. Spikes. Scales.

The beast reared up and screeched, crawling down to where he was.

_"Khuziiko!"_

Thonvar could not scramble backward fast enough, he was on his backside and flailing to put distance between himself and that gigantic, man-eating mouth. Finally he found purchase.

All it did was chuckle, the big tongue flopping out to lick those scaly chops.

"Come come, good eat," it snarled, a snap of the jaws a punctuation mark to emphasize the intent if it wasn't already clear. "Eat Gruf, eat Uzkrig, eat all!"

Suddenly it was on the move, despite having wings for legs it had remarkable speed and closed the distance with the human prey in a flash. Except Queenkissed was in the way, a wild swing to ward off the beast caught it in the lip, the sword sang a brilliant trill as the wyvern reared back screaming. Thonvar climbed up again, slipping in the snow, the wyvern pounced on him like a cat on a mouse.

A gutteral screech from behind almost made him look away, but he didn't have to, she had already made her presence known with a fist of stone erupting from the mountain.

Her mate was in danger, she snarled through the pain and injury as the emerald tendrils cut her with every movement she made, but Thonvar was on his feet and ready while their monstrous foe struck back at the conjured tentacle. She had landed a few good hits, it had trouble seeing and only could respond directly against the giant target headed its way, so just as quickly as the assault began it was ended in a sudden flash of violence.

Anza suffered for it, the puppet strings became flails and whips.

Her limp body, cut down in a flash of arcane power, was cast back the way she came like a pathetic rag doll. Thonvar cried out, but the wyvern dived in on the first thing that moved.

Those gigantic jaws came together with a loud snap and red stained the snow.
