Their day went by fast, quite literally.

Even with the giant hay wagons fully loaded up they still managed a fine pace, it was a big relief to know the tons of hay weren't too much for the cattle! Reina and Kix were running around in the woods under his watchful eye and collecting goods for the old kobold, Runa wanted to join but he felt it best to keep her there. Both of the girls were old enough to know when and how to run away, Runa might not have been so clever. Nothing happened of course, he took to moving along the flank and screening their movements while Drond kept the wagons moving along.

Hunting was put on the back burner when he saw evidence of undead activity, a trio of half-rotten bodies were stumbling along and attacking whatever they could. Dispatching them was effortless, he stepped off his horse and neatly cleaved into their decayed heads without flourish or pomp. Others stayed far away with the exception of Kix who looted a sack of gold from one of the corpses!

No doubt she had grown used to seeing bodies even before these dark troubles came along, alchemists sometimes worked with the most disgusting things. Knowing this, and having seen her mother hack up a demon as if she were a slaughtered goat, Thonvar was unfazed by her complete apathy toward the walking dead.

Reina was a lot more cautious though, he was glad he sent her to the wagons so she didn't have to look at the carnage. Only when they were well past the mess did she wander back out, Kix became his real concern as she scrambled around the forest.

Still, at his order he had them continue through breakfast, lunch, and only during the evening did they come to a stop which left everyone and all the animals a bit more exhausted than usual. Nothing too bad, the farmer and his hands claimed they could keep up and they joined the group for a late dinner before turning in. When he got back to his own wagon he passed out almost immediately, Anza insisted on giving him the best massage she could muster and it absolutely slayed him.

He dreamed of a field of flowers and his lovely bride glowing in the summer sun.

...

When she woke him it was before daylight had come, she took the opportunity to drown him in all the physical affection he had missed before. Afterward they caught their breath and cuddled afterglow to watch the sun rise, napping for a bit before reluctantly starting their day. A storm rumbled off in the distance, one of those terrible late-autumn thunderstorms that came when wind collided with the eastern breeze. When they happened over the Reach it was awful, the open steppes provided no resistance and the wind would be strong enough to do incredible damage to anything foolish enough to linger in the open.

Legend said her howl was a warning to the reachfolk that she was not the mistress of what was coming, a storm was a thing of nature and she merely had her part to play. When the trees whined and their needles hissed, he knew it was bad.

"Secure everything you can so the wind can't take it, cover that hay," he warned.

They stopped just briefly to do as commanded, but the farmer ignored his warnings and insisted that all was well. That was foolish of him.

When the wind picked up it was not gentle, the sky brought awful precipitation that coated everything in a miserable slush of wet snow that didn't melt fast enough. They had to keep going, they were halfway up a tall hill that terminated in a rather steep cliff that would be instantly fatal for anyone tumbling off of it. For reachfolk like him the slush was particularly alarming because it had such volume to it, when it collapsed it wouldn't be gentle. Nobody had to inform him that the sticky mess would go downhill, the wagons would be swept away and they would be killed.

Yet again the farmer ignored his warnings, choosing to stubbornly make camp where he was. Thonvar pressed onward and told the man he would wait ahead, but only for a few hours. What an idiot! There were signs all around them that the forest sometimes sacrificed some of it's own, giant logs that had once been tree trunks were twisted in locked together at the base of steep hills. Surely at the foot of the cliff there would be more of the same, likely amidst boulders and the bones of fools that didn't press onward when it was necessary.

Honor would have him try again to save the farmers, so he ordered them to press on while he turned back.

Miranna ambled as she felt necessary, he was glad to have a breed under him that knew how to navigate over tough terrain like that. Reach horses would do much of the same, but the hazards were quite different out on the flat steppes! She would know where to go, he began to hum deep in his throat to her irregular percussion and lost himself in keeping an eye out for hazards she might not have noticed. No birds in the sky, he noticed that right away, the air was too thick and surely their wings would fail them if they tried to take flight.

His eye caught a small trunk bouncing along as it slid between the trees, but Miranna had already stopped to give the giant plenty of room.

Suddenly he was hyper-aware of the trees again, their big, unnatural forms looming over him like wooden monsters ready to come down and crush him into a pulp. All he could think about from that point on was the sensation of wood on skull, popping his head and spilling the precious gray matter inside all over the snow-coated stones. Every time it flashed in him his bones hurt, and he was glad their morning breakfast was light because he wanted to vomit. However with the log passed on by the horse cautiously stepped forward, continuing on to...

A river of slush.

For a long, long way.

Perhaps they turned back? His mind tried to put the image in his head a few times before he noticed an overturned wagon was further down, rattling as it broke up against the trees. Dirt and mud were churning in the flow along with needles and fallen branches, it was clear that anyone caught out there would've been battered and beaten. Stupid fool. Yes, he had gotten "free" animals and the wagon, but now he was stuck on the road and couldn't turn back to the faster route.

Cracking of wood made him look up, he saw another flow rolling down at him and he spurred his mount into a gallop to get out of the way.

Even when they were clear he didn't stop, taking the corners as slow as he dared to catch up with the wagons. They were still slowly plodding along, oblivious to the growing danger that loomed further up.

"Move! Faster!" he shouted. "Get on those wagons! We have to move!"

Reina scrambled to get out of the way and he didn't slow down, he trusted she'd heed his warning as he rode ahead.

"Drond! Faster!"

Anza poked her head out from under the canvas. "Husband?"

"I said move!" he yelled, riding forward a bit to slap one of the mules. "Go, damn it!"

"Y-yes, my sir!" Drond stammered before ushering the mules.

They weren't going to make it, the flow had crested over the shallow valley in the slope and was moving along the broad face of it. Had it stayed contained to where the farmer stopped... It didn't. Like a cloth being gently torn, the wet, muddy avalanche spread along the slope in their direction with ever-increasing speed. Racing along the road was just as perilous, the animals were slipping and stumbling as they ran and if he was unhorsed then it would be over for him and he'd likely die face-down in a muddy pool.

"Thonvar!"

He looked back and followed the invisible line of Anza's finger right to an old wooden bridge.

"No, we can't!"

"THONVAR!"

Damn it! Kicking his heels into the horse, Thonvar pushed her as hard as she dared to go. Crossing that would put them on the wrong side of the gorge, but as far as he could tell the bridge was sound enough for wagons. Looking back at the caravan filled him with dread and misery, he lamented not moving faster! Or slower, whatever they could do to avoid being at the foot of the hill at the exact time the storm started it's torrential downfall. Behind them the disgusting flow was quickly catching up, and ahead of them was... More slope. They couldn't hope to make it, he didn't think they could make it across the bridge in time.

Drond didn't wait for the decision, he turned the wagon as tightly as he could and raced down and past Thonvar. Hoof on wood drowned out the sound of ice and water crashing among the trees a hundred yards away, he had to fight to keep his steed from running. Another wagon rumbled by, then another; finally the giant water wagon creaked past and swayed side to side as the wide-eyed kobold struggled to keep her animals in check. Behind them came the kitchen wagon, and the tiny cart that had belonged to the washmaid, behind that came the laundry wagon and the flatbed with their precious tub on it.

A pair of cargo wagons bounced along and the rear one fishtailed wildly, the braying oxen didn't care that it bounced from one side of the bridge to the other. Thonvar did, but there was nothing he could do! Khezde's cart followed and the giant hay wagons came after her.

Snapping of wood made his skin come alive, daggers of terror pierced him as the tarps swayed side to side.

A makeshift carriage rumbled past and almost flipped over as the bridge gave way, but they kept on and Hedrek followed with the third fodder wagon loaded with grain. Two more remained, one loaded up with his people and the other carrying cremated remains.

That one sank between widening planks and came to a stop.

"Doff can't go! Help Doff!" cried the kobold. "Help!"

Ruran was off the rickety wagon to help lift it out of the hole, Corrick hot on his heels, but it was the swarm of kobolds that provided the real muscle power. Thonvar wanted to help, but the braying donkeys were trying to run past and the kobold driver wasn't having much success keeping them still. They needed to go. Snowy slush oozed past Miranna's hooves and started to shove the wagon to the side.

"CUT THEM LOOSE!" he shouted.

A roar from up above made him clumsy with fear, but he was still coordinated enough to grab the rope off the wagon and rush ahead to offer the strength of a third animal to the effort. Those donkeys raced past with one carrying a kobold on her skinny back, he clung to her for dear life as she fled from the churning mass rushing down on them.

Then a loud snap sent the wagon forward about a foot, and then it went up and over the obstacle before speeding away as fast as the mules could carry it.

His people were left behind, scrambling to keep from sliding back as the bridge collapsed.

Some got their footing and the others grabbed hold as the small crowd fondled and clawed up, Thonvar tossed the rope out and galloped further up as the bridge surface splintered apart beneath the hapless souls. Looking back was not an option, he concentrated on keeping Miranna going forward and keeping that rope taut. Why look back anyway? He could hear the awful roar of the soppy avalanche smashing up everything in it's path.

"THONVAR GOOO! GO!"

A scream of protest from the horse didn't stop her hard stomping from tugging the rope up the wooden incline, beneath them the timbers groaned and snapped as the bridge was pulled down. Almost there.

"GODS HELP US!"

Miranna squealed as her hooves failed to find purchase, and in a flash Thonvar mustered up the inner power inside. Dirt and mud, sweat and fear, fresh moisture and the distinct smell of pine hit him as the breeze from behind put her invisible hands on the steed. His mighty note carried the wind forward and the horse cried out with him, her hooves rattling along as she raced for safety.

A few more yards. She panted hard, ragged breaths as her hooves smacked the wood and then the cobblestone.

They were safe.

She didn't stop, the rope wanted to pull her back, and the terrified screaming and shouting behind her probably helped. Thonvar looked back and saw the soggy, muddy group struggling to keep up as she pulled them up on solid ground where they stumbled and collapsed. Men, kobolds, and a rope scatted across the snowy ground in heaps while he pulled back and fought his terrified mount to a stop.

People were running from the wagons to help as he dismounted.

He counted quickly to see if he was missing anyone. Nope. Ruran looked up at him and then down at his fellow mercenary.

Corrick started to laugh.

At first it was a giggle, a relieved titter from a man who just cheated death, but one of the kobolds cackled too. Ruran flopped back down with a grin, chuckling up at the sky, and from there it just spread like a hilarious disease. Thonvar wasn't immune, he laughed and laughed as he leaned against his surly horse that seemed entirely unamused with what had just happened.

"WHOOOOOOOOOO!" cried the spearman, fists pumped up high. "Tha' was some fuckin' madness! Gods bless on tha' fuckin' 'orse."

Rolling over on his side, the spellsword tried to pick himself up. "Aye, I'd reckon she earned a whole bushel of the reddest damned apples in the north."

"Fuck tha' give 'er a big ol' flagon fulla ale," Corrick replied as he crawled to his knees. "Think she can drink it?"

Thonvar chuckled and patted her neck. "Perhaps it is best to settle for molasses and grain, I think she would like that."

She looked back at him, he couldn't feel what she was thinking.

"So we're makin' camp then?" Ruran asked. "Good. Let's get on top of that mound over there, best not to take any chances."

Sound logic from the spellsword, Thonvar nodded in agreement and led the tired mare away from the ruined bridge.

-------------------------------------------------

They rested and waited out the storm which gave Thonvar plenty of time to be tortured by his growing worry, even his charming wife couldn't pry him away from it. They were now down a wagon, on it went a pick, a spade, two poles, a rope fifteen yards long, four wheels, two axles, iron bearings, a tub of grease, probably four pounds of nails and fittings, some spare planks, and of course the planks for the wagon itself. They had moved most of the contents elsewhere on purpose, so it really wasn't the worst one to lose.

No, that wasn't much of a silver lining.

They still lost a valuable vehicle, and it meant that those people had to now walk the rest of the way. They might make a cheap cart out of two spare wheels and one of the replacement axles, but it would be only a matter of time before that cart had to be tore down to be used elsewhere. They had no time to waste anyway, the first snow fall of the year had hit them without warning and the temperature hit a new low that night. More than one fire had to be started and people were in danger of freezing, especially his tropical lizards that were definitely not built for the cold.

Kobolds weren't either, especially wet ones. A few had already shown signs of cold sickness, shivering and coughing up a storm which meant they would need to be transported on the already full wagons. Females and children would need to walk, it meant that the wounded idiots from the previous day would have to get out and walk a ways too.

Anza's lips were no comfort, she pressed herself to him and wordlessly implored him to melt beneath her with those rosy eyes.

He couldn't.

All he could think about was how they would need to coordinate all of this, many of the kobolds didn't speak Naethic and relied on translations from either Anza or Khezde. Even though he was their chief, he felt a wedge between his power and his people that probably would have driven his father crazy. Of course he trusted Anza to be the bridge over that, he was completely confident she wouldn't betray him, but it was still vital to have the direct link to him.

Another thing that rang in his mind was the memory of his father instructing Oddvar about being a good ruler.

What was it?

"Any man in charge has to remember he rules at the whim of his people, they'll love you one minute, hate you the next," his father declared after seeing a farmer.

"He left here smiling," Oddvar remarked. "You made him smile about giving up more of his harvest this year. How?"

His father laughed. "He thinks he won! Oh he hates it for sure, hates giving up what he worked all year for, but he doesn't hate me. How could he? I just gave him what he wanted!"

"He wanted to pay nothing," Grulf muttered. "Greed serves no one, you should have--"

"Shut up! I'll do what I want, boy!" Kargruuf snapped. "He wanted to give less than he was told and he is, he's giving exactly what we need and he thinks that my huskarl is going to get beaten for asking too much."

"You told Gunnar to..." Oddvar stopped himself and grinned. "I understand now, father."

"Good. Never forget this. All that peasant has for me is love and praise, all the hate and spite lands on Gunnar's shoulders where it belongs."

Where it belongs.

Thonvar needed his own Gunnar, he needed somebody for the people to despise or else they would pour their sour feelings all over him. Since she could speak their language, it would be inevitable that their love for her would grow and grow until it caused problems. They would fall into the same trap that her father fell into, a foolish ruler who did not understand the needs in the heart of his people. Khezde's warnings made it perfectly clear that Uzkrig was less than worthy as a ruler, which seemed so out of place with somebody like Anza.

Looking down at her made him smile; she truly was a beautiful, noble creature. Her father did something right at least, but seeing her graceful figure did make him wonder if she was what was expected for their nobility.

Kozakrim kobolds were apparently of the same variety found on the mountains to the south of the Reach, the ones that terminated in Rangvaal and curved upward to connect with the dwarven territory to the west. They were heading so far away from her ancestral homelands... Was she part of an unimportant line? Was Uzkrig heir to some far flung territory? No wonder the others looked to her like she was larger than life itself, so by extension the extraordinary grace and prestige she had rubbed off on her alien husband.

All of his power as chief came from her.

That was the only way it all made sense, which made his situation even more dire. Their life as a couple would suffer if only one of them had the support of the clan, it would inevitably lead to stress and unhappiness. Distracting the clan with somebody else was absolutely necessary, especially if he was seen as the only check against that person.

Meanwhile Anza insisted on snuggling against his bare chest, completely oblivious to his thoughts. She was practical and intelligent, he had confidence that she would've agreed. Why ruin it? Letting her enjoy his company was more important, it was a political decision they could make later if it didn't happen by itself.

"Let me down," he said softly.

She climbed off of him and sighed. "Anza hungry."

"Does that mean you need food or need me on top of you?"

Giggling at his suggestion she gave him a playful swat. "Food hungry, husband."

"I wish we could eat more," he muttered, more to himself than to her.

Smiling down at him she nodded. "Anza send kobold go find wagon, take cow."

So she was making decisions on her own now? Part of him wondered if that was her place or if she was exercising her right as his wife, but he wasn't going to argue about it. Even so he had to at least say something, what if they had left without the poor soul?

Thonvar leaned over and kissed her neck before whispering, "I ask you to please tell me decisions such as that, it--"

With feminine grace she leaned back and silenced him, he relaxed and let her lips fill him with a buzzing energy. No more words about this, she made the message quite clear, and he felt as if she understood and agreed with his point. They did need the meat, and kobolds could see in the dark anyway, so it was a sound decision on her part to send them foraging.

Having pushed him down on his back, Anza broke away to undress. "Husband get map?"

"Now?"

She sighed and produced a bottle of magical light from it's pouch. "Snow very bad. Make Thonvar want wagon go fast, yes?"

Good point. He reached up and slid the map out of it's leather tube, rolling the surface out across their laps.

"We're... here," he said with a point to the unnamed bridge marker, "and this little canyon runs south down to... here."

Miles away to the south, eight days of travel to go down, then another eight to go up. Alternatively they could try and cross at a low, wide spot marked ten miles to the southeast which wouldn't add much more than a day to their total travel time. Assuming, of course, the river wasn't flooded and too high for them to navigate. Either they could start early in the day or cheat and travel before dawn came, hopefully the frost had made most of the snow hard and difficult to move. More work for the wagons to cross, but far better than drowning in muddy water.

"Here. We'll cross here. Start before dawn comes and pray the gods keep the frost hard, then back up."

"Husband..." Anza pointed at the stacked rock symbol, "this bad."

"We discussed this, Khedze said we didn't need to worry, that the 'northmen dead know me' and that we could just walk in. I do not know why we would do this, I think she was just making a point."

Anza shrugged. "Wise Khezde say dummy thing, not sense, big crazy, husband make the pretend of not hearing."

Ignoring the old kobold's counsel wasn't smart, but he didn't want to argue. "We have to go past the temple. There is other roads that lead east, but I do not expect to be able to go the way we came. If we had not needed supplies, we might have gone past anyway. Now we have no time to stop at towns or make long camp, this early snow has made the journey ahead harder and more dangerous."

"Not stop for food?" she asked with worried eyes.

"No. Food will be too expensive for us now, the snows will have ruined the late harvest."

A frown curled her lips down and she sighed. "Kobold go hungry for winter."

"How much food do we have at home?" he asked. "I need to know. We cannot--"

A gentle hand on his shoulder silenced him, but it was the look she gave him that told the real story. Damn it. Damn it all. They would have little to survive on through a winter that seemed to have come far earlier than expected, and it came at a time when evil was trying to fight it's way into their realm. Famine would be widespread if it wasn't kept in check, his little clan would wither and die in their mountains just like normal folk.

He looked away in disgust, frustration building up into a tight wad of despair. All he wanted was his old life back and the promise of a quiet, normal existence where there weren't hidden evil, secret powers, spryggan queens, walking dead, and mountains of responsibilities that he couldn't fulfill.

He just wanted to go back to the Reach.

-------------------------------------------------

She woke him up when it was still night, all he saw were orbs of pink blinking softly and casting the faintest light against her sandy scales. Other lights were outside, whispering in the kobold language, he quickly dressed himself and crawled out into the cold night air.

"What is it?" he asked softly.

Some yellow eyes looked up at him. "Find beef. Good eat. Get many beefs. Big big many."

"Anything else?" he asked.

Something leather hit his hand and he fumbled around until Anza produced some magical light for him. What he saw was not natural, at least not in the conventional sense, because the collection glowed to life when the light hit it. At first it looked like his soulstones, but the runes were quite different and the crystals were shaped differently, so these items had to of come from somewhere else. There were other things there too, the kobolds laid out the stones, ruined scrolls, and a sack of little marbles that shimmered with a magical hue. Chargestones. Ruran had those, as did the elves.

A leaf of cabbage crumpled in his hand.

"Did these come from the farmer's wagons?" he asked.

Glowing orbs in the black bobbed as the unseen heads nodded.

"This is not normal. Farmers would have nothing to do with these things."

Anza took his hand and placed it on something else. Something cold, but wet.

He held it up.

Rings of gold pierced through the pointed flesh structure and it took his brain a few seconds to recognize it, the color was unlike anything he had seen before. A dark gray, somewhat like the color of a late evening sky just before it surrendered to night, was the dominant hue of the flesh with dark flecks of bluish-black peppering all up and down the fleshy blade. He remembered somebody with that color, a dark elf, and that mer had pointed ears much like the one in his hand.

"An elf."

"Yes, husband," she whispered, "find elf kill by fall. On top of snow."

What? Thonvar looked directly at her. "He fell?"

She nodded.

"Then he had to have come late, the snow did not stop flowing for hours. Nobody would be traveling in this weather, so he had to have been nearby," the chief remarked as he tossed the ear down. "This can wait. You retrieved the meat from the cows, was there any other food?"

They shook their head.

"We can only make do with what we have. Have the cook make an early meal, good and hearty, we will depart before the dawn."

-------------------------------------------------

By the time the light of the coming morning started to brighten the land just enough for humans to see, the wagons were already struggling their way over a path of ice, rock, and snow. Water made the passage harder as it flowed underneath the imposing wall of frozen snow that crested just at the northman's shoulders, but after the first few wagons the way ahead was much easier. Good thing too, each of the heavy wagons that followed required a full team of dismounted persons on either side to help shove it along. When they had negotiated the shallow river many of those same people, Thonvar included, had to walk the rest of the way.

As they pulled themselves up the slick hill the snow started to give way, by the time they were all up on the road their path had been washed away by slowly churning snow, ice, and mud. From up there it didn't look threatening, but anyone watching it could guess at the hidden power as it snapped branches as thick as a man's arm in two.

They kept moving, first back up the road they had been on until they came to the spot where the slush flow had ended and left bits of wood all across the road. Kobolds in front helped Thonvar clear a path wide enough for the wagons, but as they neared the site of the bridge the path was blocked by a slain wooden giant. Just on the other side was the old road up to the temple and beyond, and since nobody could break through the log they were forced to improvise a road right up the slope.

A task easier said than done.

Some of the animals had southern-style u-shaped shoes, two of the new oxen had northerner c-shaped devices that functioned much in the same way. These were the ones with the most traction, able to cut through the woods up until they could squeeze past the debris and toward the old road. Wagons were parked aside when they got to the top, unhitched, and the animals were brought back down to pull the heavier loads over the rough terrain.

Obviously the way forward was past the old temple, the way back would need to be cleared and that would take weeks to do. Thonvar decided to keep the pace a bit slower to ease everyone's burdens, especially the poor oxen tugging on the gigantic water wagon that seemed to have sprung a dripping leak. Declan and Reina were tasked with fixing that by stuffing in wood shivs and collecting the spillage in a bucket, a few kobolds helped out with the never-ending refilling process.

Meanwhile Thonvar had laid out the salvaged items in the back of his wagon to further examine them.

"Farmers carrying these things would be nervous men, he was not, this seems very strange to me," he thought aloud.

"Aye, these are the kindsa things my ma would keep high up," Ruran added, picking up one of the soulstones. "This one 'ere is special, but this one..."

When he picked up the second one, it made Thonvar's hair want to stand up. Just something about the thing was... not natural, it had a dark presence about it that made looking at it uncomfortable. Anza had already averted her eyes, he remembered her "bad magic" comment, but actually experiencing it was something else. Like his own pair and the other, the one in the spellsword's hand wasn't so much of a "stone" as it was a crystal structure that had been cut down and polished clean. Instead of a cheerful, inviting cyan color, it had a deep blue hue that shimmered when the light hit it just right and revealed the bright purple tint.

Of course at the very edge of it all was an almost undetectable black aura, that was what made it seem so dangerous. Looking closely revealed that the image around the artifact distorted, like a mirage from heat, and he could have swore he heard the thing whispering...

"Why does that one seem so different?" he finally asked.

Ruran set it down carefully. "Somethin's inside of it, lad. A soul is in there, a mean one, an' if it glows like that then the stone can hold no more."

"Does this mean they can hold more than one soul?"

"Aye, or essence if a mancer conjures it up," replied the magic-user. "Best to give a thing like that nobody to torment, just give it some raw power."

"So then it is aware... Can it see us?"

"Aye, if it's strong enough."

That made him shudder, he didn't want to think about either being trapped like that or whatever awful thing was in there and looking out. Those other ones didn't have that behavior, even though they felt exciting to the touch, so he wondered who was inside.

Coincidentally Ruran picked up another of the stones and examined it. "Aye, I reckon these got just some essence. Not much, stones the size of a finger can't 'old much, but there's some inside. Feels like electum, this one's got the aspect of water, see the color?"

They were both blue, but the one with water had a more gentler and natural shade and didn't seem to have flecks of white dancing underneath. When they were passed to him it he could feel a very different sensation; the water felt like gentle strength, but the "electum" had a vibrant force inside it. That one felt like pins and needles in it's own way, he had to put them down when he felt uncomfortable touching the strange things.

"These two don't go together, that's why the storm mage got real power. Bounce that fuckin' spark rock 'cross a pond an' it might end up bad. Water don't like it, if those broke open--"

"What happens if that one," Thonvar pointed at the large crystal, "was broken open?"

"Nothin' good," the spellsword admitted, "sometimes a soul can will itself together. Ghosts an' such. Best kill it 'fore it flies the fuck away to haunt you or worse."

That sounded terrible.

Ruran wasn't done, he looked directly at Thonvar and added, "happened once when I was a lad, I knocked one down, busted open loud. After ma was done killin' it she whipped me hide 'til it bled."

"I can understand her frustration," the red-haired warrior admitted. "I am glad to know the danger now."

"Anza tell husband," she reminded, putting some leather over the artifact. "Husband not think Anza know."

Ruran laughed. "I'm just wonderin' why a farmer of all folk had it. You northerners are fuckin' scared by any damn magic, but that there's somethin' that would scare me."

"Why would an elf be following?"

Shrugging at the question, Ruran picked up a small leather satchel. "See this 'ere mark?"

Thonvar nodded, it was a filled-in square that had the upper corners trimmed off by concave lines somewhat like a square bread with the corners bitten off. Along the bottom were three s-shaped lines that extended up through a third of their length and then trailed down, they were significantly wider than the line used to make the mutilated square. Of course he had no idea what it stood for, but it was obviously some type of magical symbol.

Ruran pulled back his hauberk's right sleeve to expose the underside of his arm, his tattoo was quite similar in design.

"I've no fuckin' idea what that elf was doin' there, but I know no damn altermancer's gonna fall off a cliff on his own," the spellsword declared. Turning it upside down he shook out the contents, all seemed mundane. "Somebody gave that lad some help, but not 'fore they robbed 'em of anythin' he could use."

-------------------------------------------------

Things just kept getting more and more strange, on a hunch Thonvar decided to walk ahead and sweep away the muddy snow hoping to find tracks. Unsurprisingly his instincts were right, the ground had preserved the shape of several ruts from very stout wagon wheels. These had cleat marks, only one race ever used those because they were so hard to manufacture. What were dwarves doing this far inland? On a forgotten road?

One going to an ancient temple that was wisely abandoned long ago.

"What would dwarves be doing here?" he asked as he walked back.

Anza shrugged and leaned over the side to kiss him. "Dwekten like dig, find metal. They big want for dig all time."

"Dwarves do not raid Nordic temples, I have never heard them doing this."

"Not care!" she retorted with a wave of her hand. "Dwarve want, they take. This how kobold know, husband learn."

Actually there was likely a good reason for her assertions, he remembered the dwarf at their wedding mentioning the rivalry between their two races. Another thing he remembered was how little respect the dwarf showed him or his wife, the memory made his teeth clench with annoyance, but it made sense in light of their feud. Humans and dwarves had a much, much different relationship and the dwarven city-states knew very well what would happen if they desecrated northern dead for some shiny trinkets. Nobody would enjoy living on mushrooms and fungus for long, even the goblins and kobolds didn't do that, especially while northern soldiers were outside feasting on cheese and vegetables.

No, dwarven mines would not be showing up inside the ancient temple! Thinking about it led him to a more likely conclusion, the dwarves saw a shortcut and took it, he just wondered if they were in need of help. Were dwarven weapons effective against the undead? Anything seemed to work, as long as it was to the head, but his magical sword did incredible damage and seemed to be the only thing truly effective against dauva.

They would find out soon enough.

"Corrick, Ruran, does everyone have access to the spare weapons?" he asked, looking back at the pair. "I don't expect trouble, but I want us ready."

"Aye, the 'bolds keep wantin'ta fuckin' stick 'em on pikes," Corrick laughed as he raised his own weapon. "Think they're me."

He glanced up at the tall spear, it was a typical southerner variety that lacked the "wings" on the sides and had a long, narrow blade that lacked the sharp angles northerners preferred. While simpler in design, it would likely sink far too deep and wouldn't be easy to pull out, but it had the advantage of being able to pierce armor. Plate would be a problem, but plate had joints, it was just too bad that the animated dead were soft and squishy targets that rarely sported armor.

Sadly they refused to see the benefit of the northern design, he could reach behind a man and slice him from back to front with the rear-sharpened protrusions on either side.

"I think if I were my wife's size I would want all the reach I could afford, wouldn't you?"

Looking at her with a shrug, the spearman said, "tha's a good point, but axes? Lad..."

"Maybe they saw the long axes the guards had?" he offered, remembering the ferocious weapons the forestfolk used. "Wide ranks against horses... They are short, it would be an advantage."

"Aye, could be," Corrick eventually conceded. "Want me to rally 'em up?"

"No. Get Ruran, Agziqoh, Zan, Khedze, and... Tell Reina to come with, we'll scout ahead."

Anza sat up and moved to the extreme edge of the wagon, giving her husband an expectant look. Unfortunately he didn't understand what she wanted which, unsurprisingly, made her face harden into an annoyed glare.

"What?" he asked.

"Anza come too, not let husband alone."

He opened his mouth to argue, but she seemed quite adamant about it and he wisely refrained. She beamed at him with a smug grin before retreating back inside.

-------------------------------------------------

On foot they could move faster than the slowed wagons, especially since Khedze had opted to send her daughter along instead, and after just over an hour they had jogged up to a ridge of exposed rock. Thonvar had full intention of going up to peek over, but a wisp of smoke caught his nose and he quickly laid himself flat against the damp stone. Before they had left he explained talking was to be kept to a minimum, that it was important to remain quiet and alert above all else, but they were out of breath and needed to rest anyway. Good thing too, he peered over the rock with his sapphire eyes and watched a man wander over to some boxes.

"What is it up there?"

Thonvar signaled the author of the whisper to come up as he dipped down to exchange places.

Ruran took a few minutes to watch, but he eventually crawled down and took a knee with the others. "Two men down there, the dark-skinned lad's an Espean bladesman. Good fighters, that lot, they don't leave their islands for cheap."

"Mercenaries then," the northerner sighed. "Grave robbers, which means--"

"Mage in there, no doubt a black one," the spellsword interrupted. "Aye, we can probably make it on by if we tell the wagons to--"

"No, we will not," declared the chief.

Everyone looked at him.

"This land has seen enough evil, I will not have the work of some elf digging up more rest on my conscience. Who can know what horror he unleashes if demons make Fjoar Elf-Breaker their thrall?"
